URL: http://www.deanezakiod.com/about

Dean Ezaki, O.D.   » About
ABOUT
SERVICES
PRODUCTS
FORMS
CONTACT
Se Habla Español!
Dean Ezaki O.D.
» About
Office Information
Hours:
Mon, Tues, Fri:
8:00am - 5:00pm
Wed:
CLOSED
Thur:
8:00am-12:00pm
Closed  Daily:
12:00pm-1:30pm
Contact Us:
776 W. Napa Street
Sonoma, CA 95476
Map It!
Phone:
Fax:
Cell:
Email:
Search
About
Under California HIPAA regulations, you are required to come into the office to sign a release form for your medical records. You have until December 31, 2026, to complete this process.
Dear Patients,
After 46 years of practicing optometry here in Sonoma, I have decided that it is time for me to retire. I want to sincerely thank you for trusting me with your vision and eye health throughout all these years. It has been an honor and a privilege to care for you, and I have learned so much from the many people I have had the opportunity to meet.
I am not leaving Sonoma. My children and grandchildren are all here, so you will continue to see me around town. If our paths should cross, please say hello. We live in a small town, and I like that.
I also want to let you know about the excellent eye care provider we have here in Sonoma. You may wish to establish or continue your eye care with one of them, Including:
Sonoma Optometry
Sonoma Valley Community Health Center Vision Clinic
North Bay Eye Associates
Sonoma Eye
They have all helped me over the years, and I am confident you will be well cared for by them.
My last day seeing patients for examinations will be November 13, 2026. My office will officially close on December 31, 2026.
Your medical records will be available to you. If you would like a copy of your records, please contact my office before the office closes. You may also contact me by email at
after December 31, 2026, regarding your records.
Again, I want to thank all of you. I have had a wonderful 46 years career, and each of you has helped make that possible. It is now time for a new chapter and more time with my family.
I wish you all a good health and the very best.
Best wishes,
Dean Ezaki, OD
Dean A. Ezaki, O.D.
Dr. Ezaki graduated in 1973 from the University of California School of Optometry in Berkeley, CA. As a clinical professor he taught at the School of Optometry at the University of Waterloo in Kitchner, Ontario, Canada from 1973-1974. He taught as a clinical professor for the School of Optometry at the University of California in Berkeley from 1975-1977. He was the chief of department for the Vision Eye Clinic at La Clinica De La Raza in Oakland from 1975-1978. Dr. Ezaki opened his practice in Sonoma in 1980. The doctor is a member of the California Optometric Association and the American Optometric Association.  Dr. Ezaki regularly donates exams for community fundraisers and works with the Lions club to offer vision care to the needy.
2024- Best Optometrist
2025- Best Optometrist and Best Eyeglass Store
We are thrilled to announce that our optometry office has been named the
Sonoma Valley People’s Choice Winner for the second consecutive year!
A heartfelt thank you to our wonderful patients
and the Sonoma Valley Community for your trust and support. We look forward to continuing to serve you with the same dedication and excellence that earned us this honor.
Fatima Maqueda, Optician
Fatima joined our team July 2022. Our Optician helps provide expert care in fitting and dispensing prescription eyewear. She does her best to help every patient see and look their best. Fatima interprets prescriptions, takes precise measurements, and ensures every patient finds the perfect combination of comfort, quality and style in a pair of frames. She is bilingual and always looking forward to helping out the community!
Andrea Aguayo
, Billing Agent
Andrea joined our team February 2024. She is currently our new billing agent, she will be handling billing and accounts receivable. She understands the ins and outs of most insurances. She has several years of customer service experience. When you call she can also quickly get you scheduled for your appointment and give you a sense of what your insurance will cover. She is bilingual and always excited to help.
© 2026 Dean Ezaki, O.D. and
AR Creative