URL: https://www.shelleoptical.com

Home | My Site 6
top of page
2 locations
,
one family
for more than 40 years
Close
Home
Our Doctors
Menu
ABOUT
At our practice, we treat you like family-
because to us, you are.
Whether we are helping a beloved grandparent navigate low vision, patiently guiding you through the tricky transition to multifocal lenses, or helping a long-time dry eye sufferer finally wear contact lenses comfortably again, we take the time to get it right. We are here for every step of your family's vision journey.
​
In 1982, Phil Becker opened the doors of Shelle Optical with the vision to provide the best eye care in the Chicagoland area. His legacy now lives on through his daughter, Dr Julie Becker.
​
Now with our two locations to better serve you, our doors are always open.
​​
​
​
I have been coming to Shelle Optical for many years!
Shelly +  Dr. Julie are the finest caring people I know;
just like their father, Phil!
You get a thorough examination, polite and compassionate service and great selection of eyewear. I tell all who ask that Shelle Optical is the place to go for all your eye care needs!
-Mark W
Little  eyes are in great hands with us!
Yoko P
Fantastic service and exemplary attention to detail and thoroughness! Highly recommended!
Amandalynn L.
I would highly recommend Shelle Optical not only for adults but for children as well. I took myself and my two young children there for eye exams, and from the moment we walked in until the time we left, the staff was incredibly patient, kind, and welcoming. They made us feel so comfortable it honestly felt like we had known them for years.
We are so grateful for such a wonderful experience!
Sarah S
I absolutely love this office! The doctor is fantastic, so down-to-earth, very personable, and cares about the whole patient. She really puts everything together with my health and helped me get to the bottom of my headaches last year.
This year, I feel great and everything with my eyes is good. I highly recommend Shelle Optical for an eye doctor to everyone!
Shelle Optical Fra
nkfort
​
815-534-5102
​
22200 Wolf Road
Frankfort, IL 60423
​
HOURS
Monday 9-3
Tuesday 9-5
Wednesday 9-3
Thursday- CLOSED
Friday- 9-5
Saturday- 7-1
Sunday- CLOSED
Please call ahead if you plan to stop in without an appointment.
We are a family business and hours are subject to change.
Thank you!
Shelle Optical Chicago
​
844-362-7445
​
325 S Paulina St
Chicago, IL 60612
​
Parking is located in the
Teamster City Garage in the
Illinois Medical District
​
HOURS
Monday 8-4
Tuesday 9-3
Wednesday- CLOSED
Thursday- CLOSED
Friday- 9-3
Saturday- 7-1
Sunday- 7-1
Exquisite Eyecare for more than 40 years
SHELLE OPTICAL
© 2035 by  GILT CREATIVE
bottom of page