URL: https://eyespecialists.com/?y_source=1_MjA0NDUzODQ4MS01NTMtbG9jYXRpb24ud2Vic2l0ZQ%3D%3D

PHONE: +17072556212
PHONE: +15555555555
Eye Doctor Napa | Ophthalmologist Napa
Skip to main menu
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Get
Directions
New Patient Calls
Existing Patient Calls
Schedule
Appointment
Home
About Us
Our Doctors
Our Office
Our Blog
Our Videos
Services and Conditions
Eye Health
Cataracts
Eyelid Surgery
Eye Conditions
Glaucoma
Retina
Advanced Cataract Surgery
Careers
Reviews
Leave A Review
Patient Information
Financing Options
Pay Now
Contact Us
Welcome to Napa Valley
Research
Serving Napa Valley for over 30 years.
Meet Us
Our Services
Contact Us
Expert Eye Doctors in Napa
Our board-certified vision professionals carry an impressive multitude of knowledge and
experience complemented by prestigious academic accolades. From routine eye care to more
complex surgical treatments, our eye care specialists offer the services needed to
improve your ocular health and general well-being.
About Us
Our Ophthalmology Services
The eye care specialists at our Napa County facility are experienced in treating a multitude of
vision conditions. Rest assured that you've placed your vision needs in capable hands when
visiting Eye Specialists of Napa Valley. From routine eye exams, glaucoma treatment, cataract
surgery, and other vision conditions to diabetic retinopathy, retinal tears, and eyelid
surgeries, our expert vision specialists have the experience needed to handle your vision
needs.
Vision
Exams
Our eye doctors offer eye exams for the whole family, from
infants to adults, so you can worry less about eye health and more about making
memories!
View Now
Glaucoma
Our team can diagnose, treat, and manage your glaucoma to
help you avoid the more severe effects of this disease.
Research
Eye
Surgery
Whether you have eyelid cancer, drooping eyelids, or baggy
under-eyes, our eye surgeons perform eye surgery safely and in an accredited
facility.
Research
Cataracts
Cataracts can seem scary, but our talented eye surgeons
will effortlessly take you from diagnosis to surgery, getting you back to living your
life.
View Now
State-of-the-Art Vision Care and Treatments
Whether you’re visiting our office for the first time or you’ve visited us many times, you
can rest assured that our eye doctors and eye surgeons use the latest vision technologies to
give you clear results. We are honored by the trust you have placed in us and want you to
value the quality of the vision care provided by our team of ophthalmologists.
Reviews
4.9
Average Rating
100
Total Reviews
All Reviews
"Dr Vu saw me on short notice and diagnosed my problem quickly and prescribed a medication. He was fast and efficient and very pleasant. Thank you!"
J.L.
Google
"Fantastic experience at Eye Specialists of Napa! Dr. Kung performed cataract surgery on both eyes with amazing results. Professional, detail-oriented care ...
"
E.M.
Yelp
"I recently had cataract surgery on both eyes at the Eye Specialists of Napa with Dr. Kung, and I couldn’t be happier with the results. Dr. Kung is extremely knowledgeable, with exceptional attention to detail that gave me great confidence in the process. The office staff and technicians were excellent—friendly, professional, and clear in their directions every step of the way. The facility itself is spotless, well-organized, and comfortable, which helped me feel relaxed and cared for throughout my visits. Overall, my experience was outstanding, and I’m grateful for the improved vision and the quality of care I received.
"
E.M.
Google
"I cannot speak highly enough about the doctors and staff at Eye Specialists. I have been privileged to see Dr. Jameson for many years and she is absolutely fabulous. Recently I have been thrilled at being a patient of Dr. Kung and Dr. Vu. These people are just extraordinary. They are skilled, kind, concerned, compassionate and so dedicated. The entire staff at Eye Specialists is exceptional. I feel extremely grateful that all of these professionals are located here in Napa and willing to share their training and skills with us. THANK YOU!!
"
N.S.
Google
"From the moment I started the process of cataract surgery till now with follow-up appts, I have felt so valued. Dr. Hinko and Dr. Vu are amazing, so knowledgeable, caring, and professional. Everyone on staff is always so friendly, and makes you feel like family. I never expected to have my vision restored to what it is now and I will always be grateful to everyone at this office."
B.V.
Google
"I have been an eye patient with Eye Specialists of Napa Valley for about 25 years. Dr. Mehtani is my ophthalmologist. I can't compare with other Eye people in town because I haven't gone to them. Eye Specialists are just that – specialists, and my eye-care needs have been completely met. This includes cataract surgery on both eyes. As a lay-science kind of guy, I tend to ask questions other patients might not be interested in. Dr. Mehtani has always answered at an appropriate level for my understanding; answered with patience and interest. Knowing that vision is acutely important to me as a photographer, he has gone the extra steps to relate his examinations and procedures with that in mind. He mixes professionalism with a very pleasant charactor. I also see Dr. Vu and Dr. Jamison, who also exhibit the same high standards of professionalism and "eye-side manner.  "
R.B.
Google
" Dr. Vu is the best. I’ve been coming here since I was little and I appreciate all the staff. I know they have gone through a lot of changes over the years and I appreciate if I am being honest all the side chatter from the staff. It makes me feel at home. "
K.
Google
"Dr. Vu is very professional, knowledgeable and approachable. He has been my specialist for years and appreciate his knowledge and helping me throughout the years. "
J.C.
Google
"The Eye Specialists are consummate professionals and I highly recommend their services.  "
D.S.
Google
Napa Valley's Trusted Eye Specialists
Eye Specialists of Napa Valley has been a trusted name in Napa County for the past 30
years. We are committed to being Napa Valley’s premier eye experts and a name you can
trust. Our board-certified ophthalmologists and optometrists, along with our friendly
staff, have your best interest — and vision — at heart.
John Bosetti, M.D.
Allison Hinko, M.D.
Nancy Jameson, M.D.
Yungtai Kung, M.D.
Mohit Mehtani, M.D.
Phong Vu, O.D.
Contact Us
3108 Midway Rd
Plano, TX 75093
Hours
M-F 8am - 5pm
Phone
555-555-5555
Contact Us
Full Name
Phone Number
Email
Patient Status
Select a Patient Status
New Patient
Existing Patient
Other
Comment
Submit
Eye Specialists of Napa Valley
800 Trancas Street Ste A
Napa, CA 94558
707-255-6212
A Vision
Integrated Partners (VIP) Company
Privacy & Disclaimer
Facts About Eye Specialists of Napa Valley
© 2026 Eye Specialists of Napa Valley. All rights reserved.
⇧