URL: http://soundvisioncare.com

PHONE: (631) 675-6909
PHONE: (631) 732-0822
PHONE: (631) 283-0220
PHONE: (631) 765-3092
PHONE: 631-727-2858
LINKEDIN: https://www.linkedin.com/company/sound-vision-care-li/
PHONE: 1 (877) 458-8782 (I-LUV-SVC)
PHONE: (718) 236-4352
PHONE: (718) 454-8484
PHONE: (212) 696-5990
PHONE: (631) 727-2858
Sound Vision Care, Inc. | Eye Doctor
HTML code here:
Menu
Stony Brook
215 Hallock Road Suite 2
Stony Brook,
NY
11790
United States
(631) 675-6909
Coram Office
3650 Rte 112, Suite 101
Coram,
NY
11727
United States
(631) 732-0822
Westhampton Beach Office
200 Montauk Highway
Westhampton Beach,
NY
11978
United States
(631) 283-0220
Southhold Office
44210 Route 48, Unit 1 P.O. Box 463
Southold,
NY
11971
United States
(631) 765-3092
Riverhead Office
1224 Ostrander Avenue
Riverhead,
NY
11901
United States
631-727-2858
Home
About Us
Meet the Doctors
Locations
Bensonhurst
Fresh Meadows
Manhasset
Medford
Murray Hill
Riverhead
Southold
Stony Brook - moving to Medford
Patient Resources
Community Content
Online Forms
Patient Portal
Eyecare Services
Contact Lens Exams
Eye & Vision Exams
Hard To Fit Contacts
Gentle Vision Shaping System
Computer Vision
Sunglasses
Request an Appointment
Frame Selection
Frames We Carry
Order Contacts
An Eye on the Future
Make an appointment today. Your future just became a lot clearer.
Book Online Now
Make An Appointment
We will do our best to accommodate your busy schedule. Schedule an appointment today!
Schedule Now
Online Forms
Our patient forms are available online so they can be completed in the convenience of your own home or office.
View Forms
Services
We strive to provide complete care for our patients/ learn more about all the services we provide.
Learn More
Location Phone Numbers
Sound Vision Care, Inc.:
1 (877) 458-8782
(1 (877)
I-LUV-SVC)
Bensonhurst:
(718) 236-4352
Fresh Meadows:
(718) 454-8484
Manhasset:
(516) 627-0208
Medford:
(631) 732-0822
Murray Hill:
(212) 696-5990
Riverhead:
(631) 727-2858
Southold:
(631) 765-3092
Meet The Optometrists
Jeffrey
Williams Sr,
OD
Founder/Optometrist
Dr. Williams Sr. grew up in Southern California. He studied Optometry and is an honor graduate of the Southern California College of Optometry.
He is a long term member of the American Optometric Association, New York State Optometric Association, and the Suffolk County Optometric Society. Dr. Williams Sr. has practiced for over thirty-five years, is a past president of the Suffolk Optometric Society and received the 'Optometrist of the Year' award. Dr. Williams Sr. was also known as 'Buck' Sergeant Williams, an infantry veteran of the United States Army.
In his free time, he loves spending time with his family and grandchildren. Dr. Williams Sr. has interests in photography, computers, reading about numismatic items, and languages.
Michelle
McKillop,
OD
Optometrist
Dr. McKillop grew up on Long Island and received her Bachelor of Sciences in Health Science at James Madison University. She then completed her Bachelor of Sciences in Vision Science and Doctor of Optometry degree at Nova Southeastern University.
Dr. McKillop completed her externship rotations in primary eye care, ocular disease, pediatrics and contact lens services at The Eye Care Institute.She also spent time rotating through the dry eye clinic of excellence,treating patients with ocular surface disease.
In addition Dr. McKillop completed a primary care rotation at Walter Reed Military Medical Center, where she treated Veterans with ocular disease.She also completed a rotation at the Braverman Eye Center, where she gained extensive knowledge in post operative eye care.
She is passionate about community outreach, and spent time as a scrub technician for cataract surgery performed in impoverished areas of the Dominican Republic with Vision Outreach International. In her free time she loves spending her time with her family and friends, reading, and baking. She also enjoys spending time with her dog, Lola.
Jeffrey S.
Williams, Jr, OD, Dipl ABO
Owner/Optometrist
Dr. Williams was born and raised on Long Island. He studied Optometry and is a graduate of The Ohio State University and is a Board Certified Optometrist by The American Board of Optometry and The National Board of Optometric Examiners.
To strengthen his field of expertise Dr. Williams did a cataract co-management and anterior segment disease internship at The Ludwick Eye Center, in Chambersburg PA. He proceeded to do a glaucoma and diabetic eye disease internship at the Chillicothe V.A., in Chillicothe, Ohio. To further his education in contact lenses, he did a cornea and contact lens internship at The Ohio State University, College of Optometry, where he trained in fitting contact lenses for keratoconus, post surgery, ortho keratology, astigmatism, and presbyopia. He is a member of the American Optometric Association, The New York State Optometric Association, The Suffolk County Optometric Association, and the American Academy of Optometry.
When Dr. Williams takes a rare break from providing care to his patients he enjoys staying active by attending the gym on a regular basis and spending quality time with his four children.
Mohit
Batra,
OD
Optometrist
Dr. Batra graduated from CUNY Queens College - Macaulay Honors with a B.A. in Economics. He went on to receive his Doctor of Optometry degree from the Pennsylvania College of Optometry.
Dr. Batra completed his rotations at the William Feinbloom Low Vision Center in Philadelphia, PA, at a private practice, Eye Design in Clinton, MD and an OD/MD practice, Seidenberg-Protzko Eye Associates in Havre De Grace, MD. Through his internships and externships, Dr. Batra gained experience in conducting pre/post-operative care for cataracts, glaucoma, LASIK, and strabismus surgeries with emphasis in pediatrics, anterior/posterior segments, and dry eye disease, fitting specialty contact lenses in patients with Keratoconus, and working with patients with advanced eye diseases to improve their activities of daily living.
Along with his passion for primary care, Dr. Batra has an optometric emphasis in dry eye surface disease, specialty contact lenses, and myopia management. He is certified in fitting FDA-approved MiSight 1-Day Myopia Control Lenses. Growing from his roots as class president in Optometry school, Dr. Batra is a part of the New York State Optometric Association and American Optometric Association and hopes to influence the next generation of eyecare professionals.
Born in Flushing, NY, and raised in Long Island, NY Dr. Batra enjoys spending quality time with his family and friends, entertaining those around him with his dance moves, and playing basketball/golf in his free time. He looks forward to seeing you soon and providing the best experience Sound Vision Care has to offer!
Book your appointment on Zoc Doc!
Featured Articles
Helpful and Informative Resources
September Newsletter: Family History of Glaucoma: When Should Screening Begin?
Do you have family members with glaucoma? Find out when you should start screenings. ...
Read More
September Newsletter: Why Diabetes Can Change the Prescription for Your Glasses
Wondering why your vision is blurry? Diabetes might be the reason. ...
Read More
August Newsletter: Signs It's Time for New Glasses
Are your eyeglasses still doing a good job? ...
Read More
August Newsletter: Caring for Your Eyeglasses to Extend Their Life
Want your eyeglasses to last longer? Try these tips. ...
Read More
July Newsletter: Summer Triggers That Can Worsen Dry Eye Symptoms
Do your dry eye symptoms worsen during the summer? ...
Read More
July Newsletter: Why Annual Eye Exams Matter for Children
Is skipping your child's annual eye exam shortsighted? ...
Read More
June Newsletter: Summertime Eye Safety Tips
Are your eyes ready for summer? ...
Read More
June Newsletter: Specialty Contact Lenses Explained
Could you benefit from specialty contact lenses? ...
Read More
May Newsletter: Preventing Eye Injuries at Home and Work
Do you know how to avoid eye injuries at home and and at work? ...
Read More
May Newsletter: Can Diet Help Prevent Vision Loss?
Wondering how diet changes could help you protect your vision? ...
Read More
Testimonials
See what our clients have to say about us
★★★★★
Dr. Wiener is the best! She was able to help me with a rare condition that no other doctor could help me with. She never gave up on me, was very thorough and gave me options. Definitely recommend Sound Vision Care!!
Nyleen, Smithtown
★★★★★
I have had several eye exams done here for myself and for my boys. It has always been a positive experience. They are very patient with one of my sons who truly hates the whole process. And, they are also very helpful in picking out new frames.
Sarah, Wading River
★★★★★
Professional and caring.
Thomas, Brightwaters
★★★★★
The staff at Sound Vision Care makes you feel like you are the only patient they have for the day. That is the kind of time and care you get from the moment you enter the office…Also I must say my eye exam was great.
Ruth, Riverhead
Newsletter Sign Up
Error!
Close
Our Locations
Copyright © 2026 MH Sub I, LLC dba iMatrix
Admin Log In
Site Map
Privacy Policy