URL: http://www.surfaceoptics.com/company

PHONE: +18586757404
LINKEDIN: https://www.linkedin.com/company/surface-optics-corporation
About Us - Surface Optics Corporation
1-858-675-7404
Email Us
Support
Products
Lab Reflectometers
SOC-100 HDR
SOC-210 Bidirectional Reflectometer
410 Series Reflectometers
SOC-410 DHR Reflectometer
410-VIS-IR Reflectometer
410-Solar Reflectometer
410-Solar-i Reflectometer
ET-10 Emissometer
ET-100 Emissometer
410-LIDAR Reflectometer
Custom SOC410 Reflectometers
Accessories & Maintenance
Spectral Imaging Systems
710 Series Hyperspectral Cameras
LightShift Multispectral Video
DuoChrome-SM
SOC-750 Midwave Infrared
SOC-760 VNIR-SWIR
Spectral Imaging Resources
Services
Optical Properties Measurement Services
Spectral Reflectance (HDR)
Emissivity
BSDF / Scatter
Transmittance Measurements
ASTM Testing
Solar Reflectance (SRI/TSR)
Absorptance & Thermal Emittance
Optical Properties Measurements Database
Vacuum Deposition Coatings
Low Observable / Stealth
Large Area
Roll-to-Roll
Diamond-Like Carbon
Vacuum Deposited Gold (VDG)
Anti-Reflection (AR)
Vacuum Deposited Aluminum (VDA)
Spaceflight and Thermal Control
High Reflectance
Electro-Optics Engineering
SBIR / STTR
Applications
Space
Defense
Solar Energy
Green Building
Agriculture
News
Blog
Publications
About Us
Our Company
Company History
Facilities
Careers
Our Team
International Distributors
About Us
Surface Optics Corporation (SOC) was founded in San Diego in 1976 by a group of skilled engineers who identified the need for an optical properties measurement lab to support Southern California’s burgeoning aerospace industry. Drawing on their extensive experience from working on military aircraft, missiles, satellites, and Apollo mission projects at renowned companies such as Douglas Aircraft Company, Lockheed, North American Aviation, and Convair, SOC’s founders established a premier lab equipped with unique instrumentation. Today, Surface Optics not only continues to be the leading provider of optical property measurements but also offers comprehensive analysis, enhancement, and application of optical characterization through our spectral imaging, reflectometer, and coating solutions.
Our Vision
Technology for Today’s Challenges
Surface Optics was founded with the vision of providing essential optical properties data to support national security and drive technological advancement. Our mission extends beyond this foundation, as we aim to design innovative optical property characterization and coating technologies that accelerate solutions to global challenges across industries.
Our Mission
Solve Problems Through Optical Property Characterization
Our mission at Surface Optics is to harness the power of optical property characterization to solve complex challenges for our defense, research and industrial customers. Through advanced technology and expert analysis, we empower our clients to unlock insights, optimize processes, and innovate with confidence.
Our Story
Over Forty Five Years and Going Strong
Explore our timeline page to discover the notable milestones in our journey of over 45 years of dedicated service to our customers.
See timeline
Our Values
Quality From Products to Support
SOC’s corporate values inform everything we do, from our ongoing relationships with customers and partners to our daily interactions with team members across the organization.
Team Member Happiness and Growth
Quality
Commitment
Collaborative Problem Solving
Continuous Improvement and Innovation
Join the Team
Be a Part of What’s Next
Careers
Sign up for our email list to receive updates on SOC’s announcements, product launches and opportunities to join our tight-knit team supporting customers on cutting-edge projects across diverse industries including space, energy, environmental monitoring, and material science.
Have questions?
1-858-675-7404
Email Us
Support
Products
Services
Applications
News
About Us
© Surface Optics Corporation |
Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions
Manage Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Functional
Functional
Always active
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Preferences
Preferences
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent