URL: http://www.dietleinlabbeeyecenter.com/about

About | Dietleinlabbeeyecenter.com | United States
top of page
Dietlein & Labbe Eye Associates
SERVICES
HOME
ABOUT
OUR PRACTICE
PATIENT FORMS
HOURS
MAP/LOCATION
MORE INFO
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
SERVICES
HOME
ABOUT
OUR PRACTICE
PATIENT FORMS
HOURS
MAP/LOCATION
MORE INFO
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
ABOUT US
Jon F. Dietlein, md
Dr. Dietlein is a board certified ophthalmologist who provides comprehensive eye care for patients with cataracts, diabetes, glaucoma, macular degeneration and other disease processes of the eye and has done so since 1994.  With a special interest in cataract surgery, Dr. Dietlein has performed thousands of cataract surgeries over his 25+ years in Georgetown.  He is glad to offer newer technology intraocular lenses to his patients, including the ReStor multifocal, the Alcon astigmatism correcting implant, and the Acrysof aspheric lens implant.
Dr. Dietlein attended the University of Texas at Austin (1977-1981), where he earned his B.A. degree in Biology, with highest honors.  He then attended the University of Texas Medial Branch (UTMB) in Galveston (1981-1985), where he received his Medical Degree, with honors.  Dr. Dietlein next completed an internship in internal medicine at UTMB (1985-1986).  From there, Dr. Dietlein moved to New Orleans, where he completed a research fellowship and his residency program in ophthalmology (1987-1991), from Tulane University.
He is a member in good standing with the American Academy of Ophthalmology, the Texas Ophthalmological Association, and the Texas Medical Association.  He has served in the past as Chief of Surgery at Georgetown Hospital, as well as Chairman of the Pharmacy and Therapeutics Committee.
Dr. Dietlein returned to Georgetown and the hill country in 1994, where he continues to live with his wife and three children.
Thad labbe, md
Dr. Labbe earned a Bachelor of Science degree and Medical Degree from Louisiana State University. He then completed a transitional internship at Austin Medical Education Program followed by an ophthalmology residency at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine. His glaucoma fellowship was completed at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis.
Dr. Labbe also served as a clinical instructor where he taught glaucoma and cataract surgery techniques to residents. He has presented his clinical research at national meetings and is the author of three textbook chapters in internationally recognized textbooks.
Dr. Labbe is board certified by the American Board of Ophthalmology. He is a member of the American Academy of Ophthalmology and the Alpha Omega Alpha Medical Honor Society.
Dr. Labbe specializes in medical and surgical treatment of glaucoma and cataracts. He also provides comprehensive eye exams as well as diagnosis and treatment of medical conditions and diseases of the eye. Dr. Labbe joined our practice in 2013.
Office Manager
Jessica
​
Administrative Staff
Erica - Billing Coordinator
Barbara
Samantha - Surgery Coordinator
Alma
Jonathan
Destiny
Natalie
Office Staff
Clinical Staff Manager
Stephenie, C.O.A.
​
​
Clinical Staff
Nikki, C.O.A.
Andrea, C.O.A., O.S.C.
Stacey, C.O.A.
Angel, O.S.C.
JJ, O.S.C.
Adrianna
​Severa
A.B.O.C - American Board of Opticianry Certification | C.O.A. - Certified Ophthalmic Assistant |
C.O.T. - Certified Ophthalmic Technician | O.S.C. - Ophthalmic Scribe Certification
Optical Staff
Janet, A.B.O.C (Manager)
Elise
VISIT US
311 Riverbend Drive
Georgetown, TX 78628
Call and schedule a consultation today!
512-930-3937 or 512-931-2255
CALL
Tel: 512-930-3937
512-931-2255
Fax: 512-819-9528
@2023 by U.C. Clear. Proudly created with
Wix.com
bottom of page