URL: https://www.altoseye.com/contact-us/contact

Contact Lenses Los Altos CA
762 Altos Oaks Drive  Los Altos, CA 94024  |
(650) 948-9123
Make An Appointment
David F. Chang, M.D.
Alejandro A. Zaffaroni, M.D.
Ajita Grewal, M.D.
Bryan S. Lee, M.D., JD
Stephanie P. Chen, M.D.
Doctors
Ophthalmologist
David F. Chang, M.D.
Alejandro A. Zaffaroni, M.D.
Ajita Grewal, M.D.
Bryan S. Lee, M.D., J.D.
Stephanie P. Chen, M.D.
Optometrists
Sheri Yamanishi, O.D.
Jeffrey L. Azus, O.D.
Services
Eye Exams
Eyeglasses Prescription / Refractive Errors
Cataracts
Glaucoma
Age-Related Macular Degeneration
Laser Vision Surgery
Corneal Surgery
Eye Diseases
Diagnostic Tests
Cosmetic
Contact Lenses
Overview
What to Expect at a Contact Lens Exam
Contact Lens Practice
Soft Contact Lenses (Daily, Biweekly, Monthly, Quarterly)
Rigid Gas Permeable Lenses
Toric lenses for Astigmatism
Multifocal/Bifocal or Monovision Lenses for Presbyopia
Lenses for Dry Eye
Colored Soft Contact Lenses to Enhance or Change Eye Color
For Patients
Office Hours
Appointments / Cancellations
Patient Forms
Insurance & Billing
Patient Education
Online Bill Pay
Contact Us
Home
/
Contact Lenses
Contact Lenses
What to Expect at a Contact Lens Exam
If you already wear contacts and want to have your contact lens prescription updated, please wear them in for your appointment. If you have never worn contact lenses, please make sure you notify our receptionist when you schedule your contact lens fitting. This will ensure your exam includes extra time for your optometrist or ophthalmologist to perform additional tests needed for a proper contact lens fitting.
We utilize the latest technological advances in contact lens materials and design each fit with the patient’s needs in mind. During the fitting it is determined which modality of wear is best for the patient’s visual needs.
Contact Lens Practice
Our practice offers a comprehensive array of contact lenses to suit our patients' individual needs - from daily disposables or extended-wear soft contacts to rigid gas-permeable lenses. We can help you find out which contact lenses are best for you. There are two classifications of contact lenses - soft and rigid gas permeable lenses. All contact lenses require a prescription.
Soft contact lenses (Daily, Biweekly, Monthly, Quarterly)
Daily-wear Lenses
Daily-wear soft contact lenses are by far the most popular type of contacts worn. Made of a flexible plastic polymer, daily-wear lenses are put in each morning and taken out each night. They are replaced according to an established schedule.
Extended-wear Lenses
Extended-wear soft contact lenses can be worn all the time, including while you sleep. Depending on whether you have 7-day (standard) or 30-day lenses, you only need to take out and clean your contacts once a week to give the eyes a rest and reduce the risk of a corneal infection. Extended-wear lenses are made of soft silicone that retains moisture longer than daily-wear contacts, allows more oxygen to reach the eye, and prevents bacteria and protein buildup.
Although many patients prefer the convenience of 30-day contacts, be aware that they tend to be stiffer than 7-day lenses, scratch more easily and may be blurrier.
Disposable-wear Lenses
Disposable soft lenses are intended to be thrown out and replaced after you've worn them for a certain length of time. This makes them even easier to maintain than regular soft contacts. Many disposable lenses are designed for replacement each morning, every two weeks, or even every months. Daily-wear disposables are worn during waking hours only, while extended-wear disposables can be worn for longer periods.
Rigid gas permeable lenses
Rigid, gas-permeable contacts offer several benefits over soft lenses. They:
Can correct a wider range of vision problems, including a high degree of astigmatism;
Provide sharper vision than most soft lenses;
Allow more oxygen to pass through to the eye, reducing the risk of corneal irritation;
Are more durable than soft lenses and don't need to be replaced as often, lasting as long as two or three years.
Less likely to tear like soft contact lenses.
Less prone to a buildup of deposit.
Because they are much harder than flexible contacts, gas-permeable lenses may take some getting used to when you first start wearing them. They are also more likely than soft lenses to slip off the center of your eye and require adjustment, making them an inconvenient choice for patients who play sports or participate in other demanding activities. However, most patients soon grow accustomed to the feel of gas-permeable lenses and are satisfied with the improvement in vision they offer without the need for glasses.
NEXT
To learn more about our
Ophthalmology Services
,
please
contact us
or call us at
650-948-0403
today to schedule an appointment!
Contact Lenses
Request
an appointment
Name
(Required)
Email
(Required)
Phone
Comments
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
Δ
Our
Location
762 Altos Oaks Drive
Los Altos, CA 94024
P: (650) 948-9123
F: (650) 948-0563
Map & Directions
Home
Doctors
Services
For Patients
Contact Lenses
Contact Us
© 2026 Altos Eye Physicians and MedNet Technologies, Inc.  All Rights Reserved.
MedNet-Sites™   - Powered by   MedNet Technologies, Inc.
Sitemap
|
Terms of Use
▲