URL: http://www.keratoconusinserts.com/contact-us

PHONE: +3108601900
PHONE: +13108601900
PHONE: +14245372290
EMAIL: info@boxerwachler.com
Contact Keratoconus Specialist Los Angeles - Dr. Brian
Keratoconus - Eye Disease Causes
Call Now
310-860-1900
Schedule A Consultation
Menu
Home
Dr. Brian
Treatments
Holcomb C3-R® Cross-Linking
Visian ICL™ for Nearsightedness
PRK™ After Cornea Transplant
Intacs & Cairs for Keratoconus
(Epi-On) Crosslinking
Corneal Transplant
Astigmatism Treatment
Have You Had Intacs Elsewhere?
Keratoconus Patient Stories
Olympic Keratoconus Patient
News Stories
Our Team
Educational Resources
How Holcomb C3-R Was Developed
Holcomb C3-R Vs. Other Corneal Cross-Linking
Military & Keratoconus
Fly In For Procedure
Contact Us
Contact Los Angeles Keratoconus Specialist
Keratoconus Treatment Consultation and Evaluation
Our staff is very accessible and will respond promptly to your phone calls and emails. To schedule a consultation and evaluation with
Dr. Brian Boxer Wachler
, please contact the Boxer Wachler Vision Institute via the following:
Boxer Wachler Vision Institute of Beverly Hills
465 N. Roxbury Dr., Suite 902
Beverly Hills, CA 90210
Phone:
310.860.1900
WhatsApp:
424-537-2290
Text:
424-274-1628
Fax: 310.860.1902
Email:
info@boxerwachler.com
Virtual Tour Of Our Beverly Hills Office
Dr. Brian’s TEDx Talk “Fight for Sight”
Complimentary Records Review For Out-Of-Town Patients
A records review is easy and the first step to better vision.
This way Dr. Brian can give you a very good idea of which procedures you’d most likely be a candidate for, such at
Holcomb C3-R
®
,
Intacs
®
, etc. Many
out-of-town patients
would like Dr. Brian to do a complimentary review of their medical records and make a preliminary determination of candidacy. This is useful before planning an EASY, 3-DAY trip to Beverly Hills.
What To Include For Your Complimentary Records Review
A cover sheet with your name, address, phone number and email address. Please label your information “Keratoconus Record Review”, so that we may optimize communication with you.
Your last 2 or 3 eye exams
Enclose with your letter a copy of your records.
Color copy of your corneal mapping. Color corneal mapping is a very important tool, along with your exam history, to determine your candidacy.
Mail to:
Boxer Wachler Vision Institute
Keratoconus Record Review
465 N. Roxbury Drive, Suite 902
Beverly Hills, CA 90210
Email Your Submission
Or you can scan your records and email them to
info@boxerwachler.com
Serving Clients From All Over The World
Ten Reasons Why to Have Holcomb C3-R® with Dr. Brian Boxer Wachler
Have Your Questions Answered about Keratoconus Treatments
Schedule a Consultation with Dr. Brian’s Assistant
Contact Our Office
Have Your Questions Answered about Keratoconus Treatments
Schedule a Consultation with Dr. Brian’s Assistant
REQUEST KERATOCONUS BOOK!
America’s TV Eye Doctor ™
As Seen On:
Have Your Questions Answered about Keratoconus Treatments
Schedule a Consultation with Dr. Brian’s Assistant
A BRIEF NOTE ABOUT DR. BRIAN
Throughout his highly respected career, cornea specialist Dr. Brian has never wavered with his integrity and dedication to always do the best for each and every patient - even in the face of adversity and peer pressure. Case in point: when he developed a procedure to treat a cornea condition known as Keratoconus. While other eye surgeons were entrenched in performing invasive and painful cornea transplants, Dr. Brian invented a new non-invasive procedure that prevented needing cornea transplants. He was shocked by the medical establishment being unwelcoming to his innovation because, as he later found out, his new procedure was preventing other eye surgeons from performing their lucrative cornea transplants. Dr. Brian persisted, went against the grain and didn’t give up because he believed in himself and in his procedure as it was in the best interest of patients. Eventually, he crossed paths with U.S. Olympic bobsled driver Steven Holcomb who had Keratoconus and became so depressed over it that he tried to commit suicide. Luckily, he survived. The United States Olympic team and his coaches found Dr. Brian and sent Steven to see him. Dr. Brian restored his vision to 20/20 which enabled Steven later win a historic Olympic gold medal for United States in bobsled - the first in 62 years! As a result, Dr. Brian was later invited to give a prestigious TEDx talk about his integrity and dedication to patients. You can watch his moving and inspiring TEDx talk
here
.
Keratoconus Treatment in Los Angeles
Read Our Reviews:
View Our Location:
Take a Virtual Tour:
Copyright © 2026 Keratoconus Inserts | Eye Disorder Causes, Symptoms, Treatment & Risks All rights reserved. 465 N. Roxbury Dr, Suite 902, Beverly Hills, CA 90210.
Call:
310-860-1900
Or
TEXT 424-253-5735
Web Marketing powered by Ceatus Media Group
Home
Dr. Brian
Holcomb C3-R®
Intacs™
Visian ICL™
Fortified CK™
PRK™
Contact Los Angeles Keratoconus Specialist
CLOSE