URL: http://www.spectaclesofnaples.com

PHONE: 1-239-566-9300
Spectacles of Naples – Designer Prescription Glasses in Naples, Florida
Home
Designer Frames
Reviews
Staff
About Us
Services
Contact
FAQS
Shop
DESIGNER
BRANDS
ENDLESS
STYLE
FULL-SERVICE
EYE CARE
FIVE STAR
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Designer Eyewear in Naples, Florida
When it comes to designer eyewear, luxury frames, and the latest in digital lens technology, Spectacles of Naples delivers
only the very best
. From high-end boutique eyewear companies like
Face A Face
&
Lafont
, to leading fashion brands like
Maybach & Cartier
, to unique collections from
Theo Eyewear
, we have frames to fit every style and lifestyle.
Stop by and browse our selection of the latest styles from these top designer eyewear brands:
SHOP
SHOP
Reviews
Don't take our word for it!
Here's what some of your peers have to say:
Deborah W
Naples, FL
Rick was so helpful in helping me find a new pair of prescription sunglasses. His honesty was appreciated and it was a joy to shop in their store.
Don H
Naples, FL
Awesome eye exam, and post service. I have unusual vision needs and this is the best service in Collier county. Very grateful of attention and out of the box solutions for a desperate customer. Highly rec’d.
Lisa S
Naples, FL
All the staff are eager to meet your needs. Every time!
Ken B
Naples, FL
Excellent Service. Wonderful selection of frames and lenses.
John R
Rocky River
Great products, great knowledge of the business, great service!!
Dennis O
Naples, FL
Fatima was excellent at helping me find the frames that best fit my features. She exhausted all possibilities ensuring I was very happy with my final decision. I also appreciated her candid and honest opinions, which were extremely beneficial as I weighed the numerous options. Thanks, again!
Tyler K
Naples, FL
Staff and Dr always are so polite and find exactly what I need. The selection is amazing, we have been a client going on 4-5 years and the service just gets better!!
Our Staff
Dr. Lauren Walsh
Board Certified Optometric Physician
Rick Radunz
Owner/Licensed Optician
Terry McGovern
Licensed Optician
Ashley Galloway
Licensed Optician
Susan Eldredge
Licensed Optician
Erin Seay
Licensed Optician
Patrick Seay
Licensed Optician
General Manager
Spectacles has teamed up with an Independent Doctor of Optometry to offer complete eye consultations. We have designed a new concept in the physician-client experience. Our Independent Doctor of Optometry will conduct the entire ocular evaluation utilizing one on one and direct communication with each client, resulting in a more streamlined and thorough experience.
Dr. Lauren Walsh, a North Carolina native, attended North Carolina State University and obtained her Bachelor’s degree in Biological Sciences.  Afterward, she went on to receive her Doctor of Optometry degree with honors from the University of Alabama at Birmingham School of Optometry.  While there, she earned the ASCO Student Award in Clinical Ethics, the Rosemore Scholarship for clinical excellence, and membership into Beta Sigma Kappa Honor Society.  As part of her training, she completed an externship at the prestigious Bascom Palmer Eye Institute, which has been rated the #1 eye hospital in the country from 2004-2013.  She also trained at Mastrian Optometric in Pennsylvania, where she acquired skills in fitting soft, rigid, and hybrid contact lenses for the treatment of astigmatism, presbyopia, and other medical conditions.
Dr. Walsh is a member of the American Optometric Association and the Florida Optometric Association.  She is licensed to practice in 3 states: Florida, New York, and North Carolina.
After graduation, Dr. Walsh practiced optometry in New York City where she could be close to her twin sister.  In August 2012, she married Matthew, a pediatric optometrist, and they made southwest Florida their new home.
When not seeing patients, she enjoys spending time with her husband, family, and friends.  She is an avid NC State Wolfpack fan and enjoys cheering for the Florida Gators (Matthew’s alma mater), too.  She also enjoys running, reading, baking, shopping, and being outdoors.
To schedule your premium eye exam with Dr. Lauren Walsh, or to learn more about our selection of designer frames, call Spectacles of Naples today at
239-566-9300.
Or click here to schedule your appointment now!
Our Store
Eye Care Consultation
Call to schedule a full eye care consultation with our Independent Doctor of Optometry.
Designer Frames
We carry the latest styles in designer frames and have a wide variety for you to choose from.
Repairs
If your glasses are broken, we will exhaust all options to get them back on your face with limited costs to you.
Contact Lenses
We can order most of the brands, remember you will need a signed prescription to order contacts.
Services
Full Eye-Care Consultation
Call to schedule a full eye care consultation with our Independent Doctor of Optometry.
Free-Form Lens Technology
The newest lens technology in the industry. These lenses are digitally surfaced using both the front and back surfaces of the lenses. Most clients compare it to seeing in high definition.
Repairs
We have the skill, tools and knowledge to do most repairs. Including a solder machine. If your glasses are broken, we will exhaust all options to get them back on your face with limited costs to you.
Free Adjustments
We invite you to come in and have any of your glasses adjusted at no charge.
Contact Lenses
We can order most of the brands, remember you will need a signed prescription to order contacts.
Custom Lens Shapes/Drill Mount Frame
We have the ability to customize shapes and sizes of glasses. If others have told you “no”, come in and see us!
Wrap Sunglasses
With today’s free form technology, we are able to cut most prescriptions into wrapped frames. The technology allows for clear vision from edge to edge in your wrap frames!
Authentic Programs
If you are an Oakley or Maui Jim wearer, no problem! We are an authorized dealer for both! We can have your prescription made into your favorite sunglasses.
Overview of Services
Simply put, we do not like to say no! Whether it is a simple repair or styling you in several pairs of glasses, we truly care about helping people see! Our goal is to exceed your expectations every time you visit Spectacles.
New Services
Our Independent Dr. of Optometry has recently invested in a
Woodlyn Ultra vision screen
. The days of using a projector to display a snell chart on the wall are over! The Ultra Vision screen is a digital flat screen which allows the doctor to change charts, display pictures of the eye and educate his patients all in high definition
To schedule your premium eye exam with Dr. Lauren Walsh, or to learn more about our selection of designer frames, call Spectacles of Naples today at
239-566-9300.
Or click here to schedule your appointment now!
Contact Us
Call now to schedule your appointment for exams or fittings, or stop by today to see our huge selection of designer frames from all of your favorite brands!
Location
Spectacles of Naples
Address
9118 Strada Place Suite 8125
Naples, FL 34108
Phone
Telephone:
239-566-9300
Fax: 239-566-9307
Copyright © 2023 Spectacles of Naples