URL: https://www.siteforsoreeyes.com/mountain-view-location/about

PHONE: +16509653937
Mountain View - Site for Sore Eyes
Skip to main content
Homepage
About Us
Find a Location
Brands
Designer Frames
Lenses
Contact Lenses
Offers
Vision Health
Insurance
Book Appointment
Welcome to Site for Sore Eyes
Eye Care Center in
Mountain View
On-Page Navigation
Skip to
Offers
Skip to
About Our Store
Skip to
Brands
Skip to
Vision Plans
Skip to
Doctors
Address
Mountain View City Center
650 Castro St.
Mountain View, CA 94041
between W. El Camino Real and Church Avenue
Get Directions
Book Appointment
at our Mountain View location
Store Hours
Mon
9:30am - 5:00pm
Tue
9:30am - 5:00pm
Wed
9:30am - 5:00pm
Thu
9:30am - 5:00pm
Fri
9:30am - 5:00pm
Sat
9:30am - 5:00pm
Sun
Closed
Contact Info
Call us at
650-965-3937
Fax us at
650-965-1221
Read Reviews
Exclusive Offers
Only at Site for Sore Eyes Mountain View
Complete Pair of Designer Eyeglasses
$
99
with single-vision CR-39 lenses
*
Digital Eye Strain?
Blue Light Blocking
#
50
%
OFF
HD Digital Progressive Lenses
$
75
OFF
Why choose Site for Sore Eyes Mountain View?
Site for Sore Eyes is Mountain View’s source for affordable quality eye care treatment and services. At our store in the Mountain View City Center, we proudly offer one of the most extensive collections of value eyewear, ophthalmic lenses, and contact lenses for both children and adults. We also have a huge selection of designer eyewear from couture brands that include Michael Kors, Nautica, Guess and Fendi, among others. Plus, if you’re not completely satisfied with your glasses, frames, or any other product, you get the benefit of having a full 30 days to exchange it. We even accept CareCredit® and most health insurance plans. If you want to experience the ultimate eye care experience, then please visit the Site for Sore Eyes store in Mountain View, CA in the Mountain View City Center. Your satisfaction is our ultimate goal.
Eye Exams & Affordable Eye Care in Mountain View
The Site for Sore Eyes store in Mountain View, CA is where you can find the best value on professional eyewear, contact lenses, and more. We make exceptional eye care affordable for the entire family. Our store specializes in providing state-of-the-art eye exams that are conducted by Dr. Jenny Cheung, a licensed and certified Independent Doctor of Optometry, along with high-quality value frames and lenses, designer frames, specialty contacts, prescription sunglasses, and a wide range of other optical products and services. We are committed to providing you and your family with the personal attention and unbeatable eyewear selection that’s required for a truly exceptional experience. We’re confident that you are going to love the treatment you receive at Site for Sore Eyes in Mountain View.
Our Brands
We carry popular designer brands and the latest styles to fit your style and budget. Stop by your neighborhood Site for Sore Eyes location to view our complete collection.
Adin Thomas
Bebe
BVLGARI
Calvin Klein
Candies
Carolina Herrera
Catherine Deneuve
Cinzia
Coach
Cote D’Azur
Daisy Fuentes
David Benjamin
DKNY
Dolce & Gabbana
Easytwist
Emporio Armani
Ermenegildo Zegna
Escada
Fendi
Fila
Flexon
Flexure
Gant
Giorgio Armani
Gucci
Guess
Hugo Boss
Inspira
Jones New York
Kaenon
Kenneth Cole
Kenneth Cole Reaction
Kio Yamato
Leon Max
Lucky Brand
Marc Jacobs
Maui Jim
Max Studio
Michael Kors
Michael Ryen
Nike
Nike Flexon
Oakley®
OGA
Police
Prada
Prada Linea Rossa
Randy Jackson
Ray-Ban®
Ray-Ban Jr
Serengeti
Silhouette
Swarovski
SwissFlex
Tag Heuer
Tiffany & Co.
Valentino
Vision Plans We Accept
In most cases, we are able to bill your vision insurance provider directly, thereby saving you time and out-of-pocket expenses for whatever your visit was for: eyeglasses, eyewear, contact lenses, or eye exams. The plans we accept include:
Davis Vision
EyeMed
Superior Vision
VHC
Don’t see your insurance listed? Call this store at
650-965-3937
to check for additional accepted insurance plans.
Use your FSA (flex spending account) and HSA (health savings account) funds on eye exams, eyeglasses, and contact lenses!
About The Doctor:
Jenny Cheung
Independent Doctor of Optometry at Site for Sore Eyes
Book Appointment
Notice:
You are now being directed to schedule an appointment with an Independent Doctor of Optometry.
Proceed
Cancel
About the Doctor:
Jenny Cheung
Independent Doctor of Optometry at Site for Sore Eyes
Jenny Cheung, an Independent Doctor of Optometry. Cheung has been living in San Francisco since she was ten years old. She obtained her Bachelor of Sciences degree in Food Science from UC Davis. While attending UC Davis, she discovered her interest in optometry from experiences interning at student-run health clinic, UC Davis Medical Center, and optometrist offices. She later obtained her Doctor of Optometry degree from UC Berkeley, and has been practicing in the Bay Area since.
Cheung has many years of experience with the pediatric and geriatric population. She provides comprehensive eye examinations, contact lens fittings, red eye consultations for children and adult patients. She is also skillful at detecting and treating ocular diseases, solving patients’ visual problems regarding their glasses and/or contact lenses.
In her free time, Cheung enjoys eating, cooking, and spending time with her family, especially her young niece and nephew.
Cheung is also a certified Medical Interpreter, which she regularly interprets at hospitals for Cantonese-speaking patients in San Francisco. She is now accepting new patients and accepts most vision insurances.
Eye Exams available by an Independent Doctor of Optometry conveniently located at Site for Sore Eyes. Site for Sore Eyes does not employ the optometrist nor do they provide eye exams.
*
On purchase of frames from a select group of designer brands with single-vision CR-39 plastic lenses. Inventory will vary by location, while supplies last.  Cannot be combined with insurance or other offers. Other restrictions may apply. See store for details. Limited time offer.
Return to disclaimer reference link
#
With purchase of a complete pair of eyeglasses (frames and lenses) with blue light coating. Cannot be combined with insurance or other offers. Other restrictions may apply. Valid at participating locations. See store for details. Limited time offer.
Return to disclaimer reference link
**
With purchase of frames. Valid on Precision View brand progressive lenses or similar. Combinable with other offers. Cannot be combined with insurance. Other restrictions may apply. See store for details. Offer expires 11/30/26.
Return to disclaimer reference link
Sign up for special offers, news, and more.
Email
(Required)
Subscribe
By entering your email and clicking Subscribe, you consent to our collection of your information and agree to our
Digital Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
.
Quick Links
Digital Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Notice of Privacy Practices
Store Policy
Accessibility Statement
Sitemap
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Careers
Franchise Opportunities
Social Media
©Site for Sore Eyes is a retail brand and registered trademark of Emerging Vision, Inc.
Optical Marketing by
The EGC Group