URL: https://www.prairieunderground.com/terms/about

EMAIL: info@prairieunderground.com
About - Prairie Underground
Skip to:
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Skip to content
Main Menu
Shop
Shop All
New Arrivals
Bottoms
Dresses
Tops
Outerwear
Hoodies
JRAT 3.0
Gift Card
Sale
Visit
POP-UP
Collections
Community
Events
Womxn We Love
Blog
About
About
Sustainability
Outlet
Login
Cart
Search
About
Prairie Underground is a socially progressive apparel manufacturer committed to designing modern uniforms that evoke sensuality in daily self-expression. Every garment is made to be durable and adaptable. We’re committed to producing  garments that are ecologically and ethically sustainable. These values are an essential consideration in any contemporary creation. We want to empower our customers to articulate their singularity while nurturing their bodies and the ecosystem.
We firmly believe that we thrive most dynamically when we find inspiration in one an-other.
We shape the world together.
We work to create a different culture, one that forges new ways for people to interact with apparel manufacturers.
Our commitment to sustainability is one of many beliefs we share in with our customers.
Sustainability is not only about changing the ways in which clothing is made but also about transforming the ways in which it is attained and cared for.
We promote a practice of ethical consumption, educating end users on ways to extend the lifetime of their clothing and instilling a sense of pride in caring for garments.
We resist the carelessness of fast fashion and the concept of disposable apparel that causes a profuse amount of pollution and waste.
Our clothing is constructed to withstand the duties of an active lifestyle with nobility that makes them worthy of preservation or handed off to a second user.
All of our garments are labeled with instructions to wash in cold water and hang to dry. This practice will preserve the longevity of the garments textile and color.
Our waste reduction extends to our warehouse. For all shipping, we use minimal interior packaging and clean second-use boxes.  All of our offcuts are recycled regionally.
We are dedicated to an atmosphere of recycling and repurposing and hope that our practice galvanizes our customers to do the same.
Creation itself should be a sustainable practice. Social, environmental, and economic resources are not unlimited and it’s always been our mission to offer adornment that respects human rights and the natural world. Our clothing has always been manufactured in Seattle within fifteen minutes of our warehouse. We are steadfast in supporting Pacific Northwest garment production in an ethical manner that respects the rights and lives of sewers. Our sustained commitment to domestic U.S production has insured higher wages, safe work conditions, and a workforce with agency and opportunity for advancement. Our collaboration with skilled sewing contractors upholds a deep historical tradition of American manufacturing knowledge. Every garment in our collection is intended for distribution and wear. We believe in our design propositions even when it means producing less than 50 pieces of a garment. Production of our clothing has always been made-to-order and is most often limited production runs of fewer than 300 garments. This spirit of limited production reduces waste associated with manufacturing an excess of garments and shifts the focus to integrity and uniqueness. Limited production assists in seasonal sales forecasts to avoid waste at every stage of the manufacturing chain. It results in a higher value of the laborer’s work and makes small-scale vertical manufacturing possible.
sign up for our newsletter & receive 10% off your 1st order
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Login
Register
Shipping & Returns
Garment Care
Stockists
Press
Wholesale
Contact
Terms of Service
Disclaimer
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Website by
MIGHTYminnow
×
Site Login
Username or E-mail Address:
Password:
Remember Me
Lost your password?
Login