URL: https://www.artsandpassions.com/about

PHONE: 512.461.0566
About Us – Arts & Passions
Collections
Ancient Stones
Back to Square one
Bits & Pieces
Blooms
Color Stories
Modern Geometry
One Woman’s Treasure
Right Angles
Roots
Sudden Inspirations
Textile Stories
The One with Leaves
About Us
Artist Video
Joan Edelstein
Show Information
Testimonials
News
Store Locator
Wholesale
Account Setup
Restricted content
FAQs
Contact Us
✕
No results
See all results
About Us
I have devised a process which involves anywhere from seven to twelve steps (depending on the piece.) It includes the laying and mitering of the silk border and foundation:(in some cases), the printing of certain thematic fabrics; the layering of both contemporary and vintage fabrics and fibers; sewing, finishing and pressing each piece. Some of my pieces are tried & true patterns. For many, though the overall patterns and designs may appear similar, the placement and use of fabrics and fibers will differ so that each piece becomes a unique, one of a kind work of art to wear or display.
I hope you enjoy your Arts & Passions piece as much as I enjoyed creating it.
About the Designs
One of a kind and limited production designs utilizing both contemporary and re-purposed fabrics, trims and vintage pieces. Eco-friendly & beautiful.
Joan Edelstein
I have always been captivated by the visual and tactile textures of fiber; in raw form, in constructed, wearable form. Though I have worked in other media, it is fiber that invites me to self-expression. It is fiber that invites me to create In my work, I utilize all types of fabrics and fibers; natural fibers-silks, linens, cotton (but no wool-Can you believe it, a fiber artist who is allergic to wool...; synthetic fibers, rayons poly-blends, plastics. Brand new, right-off-the-bolt fabrics, and, the ones I love best: the pieces I cut from a skirt I found for $2.00 at the Goodwill Store; the trim off my Mom’s jacket that now has moth holes in it; the pleated metallic fabric from that dress my girlfriend’s mom wore to a wedding; the gorgeous silk charmeuse gleaned from a very stained, but glamorous 1930’s bed jacket I found at a flea market. I can’t resist any of it. My current body of work is the creation of mixed fiber collage scarves and wraps from the many kinds of fiber I mentioned above. I have been told that my pieces are works of art. I don’t know about that. I just know that I make them because I simply can’t help myself.
Q & A About Joan’s Work.
1
When & How did you start working in this industry?
In 2004, I started experimented with a product I had seen demonstrated. I thought I could create something unique, so I made a couple of scarves for myself. I wore one of the scarves while working in a friend’s showroom at the Dallas Market Center. Several buyers asked where they could order my scarves for their stores, so I made a sample line, and my career as a fiber artist was launched.
2
What makes your art unique?
My particular use of color, fiber and their relationship to negative space makes my scarves unique. In the nineteen years I’ve been designing scarves and wraps, I’ve never seen any others like them.
3
What is the most popular product you sell and where are your products sold?
Scarves and wraps are the most popular products sold. Some stores use them as wall hangings and table runners as well. Galleries, museum stores and boutiques in over 25 states sell these products.
4
What is your favorite part of working in this industry?
In addition to being able to express myself creatively, I really enjoy developing relationships with customers and being inspired by other artists.
5
What advice do you have for other artists and retailers?
Always be willing to try something new.
Show Information
WHOLESALE SHOWS
MADE CREATIVE COLLECTIVE
February 17- 19, 2026
Renaissance Hotel, Baltimore
Creating Connection
Artist Video
I hope you enjoy your Arts & Passions piece as much as I enjoyed creating it.
About the Designs
One of a kind and limited production designs utilizing both contemporary and re-purposed fabrics, trims and vintage pieces. Eco-friendly & beautiful.
Testimonials
Geeta
I thought I would write to let you know that I purchased one of your scarves in RAM at Christmas, as I absolutely fell in love with them all. It is called “Walk in the woods” and is in the autumnal color range. It is like a piece of jewelry, rather than an article of clothing!! Just lovely. Thank you for the labor of love in creating it. I wish you many more successes.
Fort Worth, Texas
I want to thank you for the exquisite scarf you made for me. My wonderful librarian friends ordered it as a retirement gift.  I literally couldn’t catch my breath for a second or two when I opened the box. I have studied it inch by inch and then have gone over it again and again only to discover something new and innovative each time. Thank you so very much for making it so personal for me. I will treasure this gift for a lifetime.
Susan Stitt
Michele Mecca Dallas, TX
I purchased one of your One Woman’s Treasure pieces from a little shop in Venice, CA in May.  I am just getting around to looking at your website.  Wouldn’t you know it, you’re a Texas gal!  This is the second time I’ve purchased art in SoCal from Texas artist.
I am using my scarf as a table runner so that I can see it all the time.  I love that it can be a conversation piece everyday!
Love it!
Miriam Onaca
I received your scarf, and I have to tell you it is absolutely amazing!…
I had no doubt I would love it, but when I really saw the colours and the details, and the whole piece… I just couldn’t believe! It is much more beautiful than I can say…I cannot decide yet whether to hang it on the wall as I planned, or to put it on my dinner table like a runner, I just want to look at it as much as possible. Once I will find the perfect place, I can send you a picture.
And I think I will not wait too long and I’ll call you again to ask for another one. Hope you will make it for me. It will be pretty hard to decide what colour…
I only want to thank you and to tell you how happy I am that I have met you!
Florina Holban
I just got here from Canada and found a nice surprise waiting for me- the Twig Scarf!!! My sister did surprise me, told me it would take you at least 3 weeks to make it and ship it, so I would have to wait until my next visit in the summer! It’s exquisite, like all your work, I fell in love with lots of other scarves and was hard to choose.
I can only say THANK YOU!!
Pura Vida Gallery
Arts and Passions scarves sell themselves in Pura Vida Gallery. The beauty of each piece of fiber art and the mystery of craftsmanship prompts customers to feel each scarf, often purchasing more than one for themselves or as gifts. Our gallery sparkles with work by Joan Edelstein who is also a dream to work with.
Jo M.
I have just purchased one of your scarves through the Smithsonian, and I love it! If you have a catalog of your other creations, I would like to have one.
Rachel Timothy’s Gallery
“Your scarves have sold like hot cakes! I have a customer who would like to special order one of your “Roots” scarves like the one in the photo I have attached.”
Thank you and I look forward to hearing from you
Jo Ann W.
I selected one of your spectacular shawls at the Bayou City Art Festival in Houston this past March. I spent a great deal of time picking out exactly what I thought my Mother would love. The shawl has so many of the important elements that were important and had meaning during her life experiences. I wanted to let you know just how much she loved the scarf and what a topic of conversation the scarf was when I presented it to her a the luncheon for her closest friends.”
“Thank you for having just the perfect gift for me to give my Mother. She and I have shared our love of scarves for my whole life so this could not have been more perfect.”
Laura Eisenberg
Hi there: I have seen your work at several studios and would love to have a long scarf to use as a table runner. It would not have to be much longer then the scarves you make.  Colors are teal, orange, and blue.
Thanks so much.
Shop Social
Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus
Get The Latest News
Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus
One of a kind and limited production designs utilizing both contemporary and re-purposed fabrics, trims and vintage pieces. Eco-friendly & beautiful.
Useful Links
Home
About Us
Collections
Contact Us
News & Events
Wholesale
Contact
512.461.0566
[email protected]
6807 Finklea Cove • Austin, Texas 78730
USA
All Rights Reserved Arts & Passions @2023 Copyrights.
No results
See all results
✕
Login
Username or email
*
Password
*
Remember me
Login
Lost your password?
✕
Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Subtotal:
$
0.00
Total:
$
0.00
Proceed to checkout
View cart
Shop
My account