URL: http://selectionschicago.com

PHONE: 847-847-4711
#1 Real Estate Site in Chicagoland Homes For Sale in Illinois - propertyup.com Real Estate Listings
Recent sales effected your home value
WHAT'S YOUR HOME VALUE NOW?
Yes, I want a free home valuation
Sale
Chicago Homes for Sale
Chicago Houses for Sale
Chicago Foreclosed Homes for Sale
Chicago Condos for Sale
Chicago Lots and Land for Sale
Chicago New Homes for Sale
Chicago Townhouses for Sale
Chicago Multi-Family Homes for Sale
Chicago Real Estate Market Update
Top 10 Markets
Chicago Real Estate Market by Neighborhood
Rent
All Chicago Real Estate For Rent
Top 10 Markets
Commercial
Commercial for Sale in Chicago
Commercial for Lease in Chicago
Multi Family over 5 units Homes for Sale in Chicago
Office for Sale or Lease in Chicago
Business with for Sale in Chicago
Retail and Stores in Chicago
Commercial Mixed Use in Chicago
Industrial in Chicago
Schools
Elementary Schools
Middle Schools
High Schools
Recent Sales
About Us
Our Services
Contact Us
Listing Your Home
Testimonials
Blog
Login
Call 847-847-4711
Create account
Chicagoland Illinois MLS homes for sale
updated directly from MLS every 15 minutes
Sale
Rent
Our values
We listen
Our customers define our goals
We live to serve
We serve you, each other, and the world at large
We are passionate
We approach each of our goals with the enthusiasm and tenacity to get things done
We explore possibilities
We embrace ideas with a let's try attitude
chicago, il
Newest Listings
save
$75,000
2711 59th
Chicago, Illinois 60629
beds
baths
2711 59th, Chicago, Illinois 60629
MLS ID: #12771662
Land For Sale
12
NEW
save
$2,299,500
220 Green
Chicago, Illinois 60607
4 beds
5 baths
3,878 sqft
220 Green, Chicago, Illinois 60607
MLS ID: #12778065
condo For Sale
39
Become a market insider
Our
free
report will answer your most important real estate questions
Yes, I want a free home valuation
×
This property is under contract and is pending. Contingency type .
CONTRACT
i
save
$384,900
1841 Calumet
Chicago, Illinois 60616
2 beds
2 baths
1,260 sqft
1841 Calumet, Chicago, Illinois 60616
MLS ID: #12576843
condo For Sale
13
×
This property is priced at $79.00 per square foot and is 22% below average $100 in South Shore for a Condos
save
$75,000
DEAL
i
3017 78th
Chicago, Illinois 60649
1 beds
1 baths
950 sqft
3017 78th, Chicago, Illinois 60649
MLS ID: #12708558
condo For Sale
29
save
$500,000
3660 Lake Shore
Chicago, Illinois 60613
2 beds
2 baths
3660 Lake Shore, Chicago, Illinois 60613
MLS ID: #12666750
condo For Sale
29
NEW
save
$129,500
644 51st
Chicago, Illinois 60615
2 beds
1 baths
1,200 sqft
644 51st, Chicago, Illinois 60615
MLS ID: #12779481
condo For Sale
12
save
$248,900
1633 93rd
Chicago, Illinois 60617
3 beds
2 baths
1,800 sqft
1633 93rd, Chicago, Illinois 60617
MLS ID: #12635911
House For Sale
23
NEW
save
$10,000
2116 80th
Chicago, Illinois 60620
beds
baths
2116 80th, Chicago, Illinois 60620
MLS ID: #12779871
Land For Sale
2
<<
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
>>
12771662
12778065
12576843
12708558
12666750
12779481
12635911
12779871
Email registration
Email verification
Email address is not valid
Email verification
Email already exist! Please Login
here
!!
Create Your Account
Just a few more details so we can help you!
Name verification
Please enter only characters
Phone verification
Contact Phone is invalid
I'm finished
or
Login
Back
Verify your Free account, Enter Phone number to get SMS with your activation code.
Please enter your phone number to continue
Please enter your phone number to continue
******
Already have an account?
Log in here
Why Join Property Up?
Frequent updates for new or outdated listings
We update our information every 15 minutes so you see the newest listings available, and we eliminate those no longer
available so you aren't looking at unavailable listings.
You can keep what you like and hide what you don't
Our registered users have the ability to save properties they like, or eliminate those they are not interested in, so
they can refer back later.
Instant alerts for new properties
Our registered users get instant alerts about new properties that match your criteria.
You'll see more homes
Our site has 20% more agent-listed homes for sale than the large national sites, which miss many listings or may be
out of date.
Registered users have access to more information
Our registered users have access to detailed info such as amenities, ownership, appliances, and contract details not
offered on other sites or to non-registered users.
You can save money!
We have a unique algorithm that finds “Deals,” those are properties listed below the market and alert you to save
time.
By join you agree
Terms of Use
and
Privacy
Policy
Email verification
Attention, your registration is not complete!
One more step left.
Please, follow the instructions below to activate your account.
Check your email.
An email has be sent to you containing an activation link.
To activate your account either click the link or copy and paste it into the address bar in your web browser.
Custom Search Chicagoland Homes For Sale, And Find Your Ideal Property With Ease
If you’re looking to find your ideal property from the thousands of Chicagoland homes for sale, you’ve come to the right place. Whether you’re looking for a residential home, a commercial property, or an investment property, we’ve got you covered. Our easy-to-use custom search portal will help you filter through  all the different kinds of properties in the Chicagoland area, and help you find exactly what you’re looking for.
Unlike some other realty websites, we include as much detail about a property as possible from the MLS listing service. We believe that the more information you have, the better position you’re in to decide if a property is an ideal match for you. The listings include informative photos and vital information such as school boundaries, which can affect the resale value of the home, and a lot more.
We want to be your trusted partner throughout your property search and homeownership journey. Not only will we help you identify the perfect property, but we will also help you throughout the negotiation and closing process as your “buyer’s agent”. Once you become a homeowner, you can leverage our years of experience and expertise for helpful advice on things like home insurance, maintenance, and more.
The property search and buying process can be complicated and overwhelming. Our goal is to help you through each step along the way and make the process as simple and easy as possible. When searching for Chicagoland homes for sale, you can count on the experienced real estate agents at PropertyUp.
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY FOR SALE IN CHICAGO
If you’re looking for a commercial property for sale in Chicago, we can help you find the right one. Maybe you’re looking at office space for your business or a warehouse for your operations. Either way, we can help you identify an industrial property for sale or a commercial property for lease in Chicago, as well as in the suburbs.
INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
We can help you find a Chicagoland investment property that’s a match for your unique needs. Our market analytics will help you understand which areas are easier to sell homes in, and how quickly you can expect to sell. We also help you find the right financing. Along with regular financing, we can help you find private lenders to sponsor your investment deal, no money down loans, or non-conventional financing like rent-to-own deals.
FORECLOSED
AND
SHORT-SALE
Find some amazing home deals from our database of Chicagoland short sale and foreclosed properties. A short sale is when an owner is looking to sell their home for less than what they owe due to financial distress. A foreclosure is  when the property is repossessed by the lender. Either way, these home deals can be great deals for investors. Use our unique data analytics feature to identify which properties might be ideal candidates for rehab projects, so you can maximize your profits when you
sell.
RECENTLY SOLD PROPERTIES
Use our dedicated search function to find homes that have sold recently in the area of your interest. Maybe you’re interested in buying property in a certain neighborhood, and you want to find out how much homes are selling for. Or you might be simply interested in seeing if there are any newly available homes there. Either way, our Chicagoland recently sold properties search function will help you get the right information.
NEW PROPERTY FOR SALE
Want a brand new property that has just been built,  or is currently under construction in a certain subdivision? Maybe you’d like to custom design the interiors, or you don’t want to do any maintenance work on your new home, or you simply don’t want to live in a home with prior residents. Whatever your reason, you can use our search function to find a new Chicagoland property for sale.
MIXED USE PROPERTIES
A mixed use property is a special type of property that is used for both residential and commercial purposes. For example, you could live on the top floor of the property, and rent out the other floors or use them as office space. These property types are great to develop additional sources of income, but they require special zoning permits from the county. We can help you find a Chicagoland mixed use property that would fit your goals.
HOUSES WITH POOLS
Looking for a house with a pool? Not a problem. Within each Chicagoland area we cover, you can search for houses with pools. Additionally, you can also search for houses that are on a golf course, or waterfront properties.
HOMES FOR SALE IN CHICAGO
Chicago is regularly ranked as one of the most livable cities in America. That should be no surprise with its magnificent skyline,  beautiful lakefront, numerous parks, world-class dining and shopping, and wide-ranging cultural events. Whether you’re looking for a trendy loft in the West Loop, a modern high-rise apartment close to the lake, an elegant townhome in Lincoln Park, or a home in any of the various other
Chicagoland neighborhoods
, we’ve got you covered.
CHICAGO REAL ESTATE MARKET REPORT
If you’re searching for homes for sale in Chicago, we have detailed market reports for each of Chicago’s 77 official communities. You can find out if the market is balanced, or if it’s favorable to either buyers or sellers. We also provide a lot of relevant information about each market, like how long it takes to sell a home on average, what types of homes you can expect within your budget, pricing trends, and more.
LIST PROPERTY FOR SALE
List your property for sale with us and take advantage of our cutting-edge home selling system. We’ll showcase your property in the best light, help you get targeted market exposure, and make sure that you get the best offer for your home. Our listing services include a custom website for your home, targeted ad campaigns, and a
guarantee to sell your home within 59 days
.
THE RIGHT AGENT FOR THE JOB
At Property Up, our experienced team of Realtors have in-depth knowledge about Barrington and the surrounding areas, making sure you find your ideal home for the right price. They can also provide you with all the necessary information about a certain area. If you’re looking for a property outside our area of expertise, we’ll be happy to connect you with an agent from our elite network of partner agents, ensuring that you receive outstanding service.
Illinois Real Estate Market Reports
|
Homes in Chicago by Neighborhood
|
Chicago Homes for sale
|
Foreclosure homes in Chicago
|
New construction homes in Chicago
|
Chicago waterfront homes
|
Business for sale with real estate
|
Industrial real estate for sale
Property Up is a
Barrington real estate company
that specializes in residential and commercial real estate. We have all types of
real estate for sale
listed in the
MLS
listings, including
condos for sale in Barrington IL
,
homes for sale in Barrington IL
, and more. John Herman is the best
realtor Barrington IL
has available to help you find your next dream home. Schedule an appointment with one of our top
real estate agents
today.
For investors looking for home deals, we have
foreclosed homes in Barrington IL
, as well a great deals on other
homes for sale near Barrington
. Speak with one of our
top Barrington realtors
, and find out all about the great
Barrington Chicago real estate
deals available.
For a list of
Barrington commercial real estate
listings available in and around Barrington, talk to one of our
Barrington real estate agents
today.
Along with Barrington, we also have listings all over the Chicagoland area. Our listings include
homes for sale Arlington Heights IL
,
homes for sale Buffalo Grove IL
,
homes for sale Hinsdale IL
,
homes for sale Cary IL
, and homes throughout all the other major suburbs and communities.
At Property Up, we have assisted our clients with their land, residential, investment, and commercial real estate needs throughout Illinois. Our brokers are full-time and have over 12 years of experience buying and selling real estate. This extensive real estate background allows us to fully understand the needs of our clients and it results in high-quality real estate agent referrals. It is our goal to provide each client with the best REALTOR® recommendation possible, and we strive to recommend a real estate agent who is a specialist in your neighborhood of interest.
The data relating to real estate for sale on this website comes in part from the Broker Reciprocity program of Midwest Real Estate Data LLC. Real Estate listings held by brokerage firms other than Property Up Inc. are marked with the Broker Reciprocity logo or the Broker Reciprocity thumbnail logo (a little black house) and detailed information about them includes the names of the listing brokers. Listings courtesy of MRED MLS as distributed by MLS
GRID. Some properties which appear for sale on this website may subsequently have sold and may no longer be available. The information being provided is for consumers' personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing, that the data is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed by MLS GRID, and that the use of the MLS GRID Data may be subject to an end user license agreement prescribed by the Member Participant’s applicable MLS if any and as amended from time to time. Based on information submitted to the MLS GRID as of 2026-10-07 21:45 MLS GRID Data was obtained.
All data is obtained from various sources and may not have been verified by broker or MLS GRID. Supplied Open House Information is subject to change without notice. All information should be independently reviewed
and verified for accuracy. Properties may or may not be listed by the
office/agent presenting the information.
DMCA
|
Privacy and Terms of use
|
Equal Housing Opportunity
|
Become Partner agent
|
HumanReadable Sitemap
|
Sitemap
Property Up Inc, Headquarters:
840 S Northwest Hwy, Barrington, IL 60010
Copyright ©2026 All Rights Reserved, Equal Opportunity Housing
Login
Welcome Back!
Please login to save your search.
If you do not remember your password click on "Forgot your Password".
Please Create FREE Account to share listings!
Email*
Password*
Remember me
Login
Back
Verify your Free account, Enter Phone number to get SMS with your activation code.
Please enter your phone number to continue
Please enter your phone number to continue
******
Forgot your password?
Need an account?