URL: http://boutiquebites.com/about

EMAIL: info@boutiquebites.com
About - Boutique Bites
Visit our venue, Brique
Fashion to Fork Blog
About
about us
the team
community
clientele
Events
Press
Online
Print
TV
Home
Venue
Cheers
Contact
About Boutique Bites
We are no longer offering catering for offsite events, however we opened a new Café and Private Event Space in Winnetka called
Towne & Oak
and would love to host your event. Please
inquire for details
.
Boutique Bites is a creative and custom catering and events company specializing in the mix of
stylish food and exceptional presentation.
We produce events throughout the city of Chicago and suburbs. From black tie
galas
at chic city venues, to
tented weddings
in private residences, to multi-day
corporate conventions
, Boutique Bites coordinates your entire event from start to finish, including rentals, setup, staffing, and execution.
Boutique Bites was
founded in 2008
by executive chef
Elaina Vazquez
. After graduating from The Culinary Institute of America, Elaina trained at some of the
best restaurants
in the country including
Joel Robuchon
, Tru, and Avenues at the Peninsula Hotel. The beautiful food and attention to detail are what inspired chef Vazquez to bring this restaurant-style experience to catered events.
In 2014, we expanded into our new
West Loop headquarters
which includes a 4,000 square foot commercial kitchen, as well as a new private event venue,
BRIQUE
,
where we cater events onsite for up to 150 guests seated or 200 guests cocktail style.
the team
Emilia Jane Photography
Elaina Vazquez
Founder + CEO
I love a great celebration! Whether it’s a birthday, an anniversary, a fun holiday, or even just because the weather is nice, you will find me having a great time with a smile on my face and a glass of champagne in my hand.  I grew up in a large family where food was always the center of attention and brought everyone together.  I founded Boutique Bites because I wanted to create that experience for others.
I love my exceptionally talented team and the select vendors we work with.  They are innovative, hard working and make every day fun.
I feel so lucky to have the most wonderful clients.  From the initial conversation to the last bite of dessert, they inspire and motivate me, and I feel so fortunate that they trust us with their milestone events.
On Sundays you will find me with my rescue Cavalier pup, Charlie, having friends over for brunch, making spicy Bloody Marys and celebrating, just because.
xo,
Emilia Jane Photography
Jennifer Jambrosek
Director of Operations
community
At Boutique Bites, we believe giving back to the community is a big part of business. Below are a few local charities we are proud to partner with and support.
Embarc
We love partnering with Embarc because of the immediate impact you can see when working with their students. We were initially introduced to this organization through an industry peer and felt a connection right away. We have since hosted the students for “journeys” at Boutique Bites. Twenty students spend a few hours with our team getting to know the ins and outs of catering – half of them help our kitchen team cook up a fantastic meal, and the other half learn about catering sales and help our events team set a 32’ table for a beautiful luncheon. We then all sit down together and enjoy the fruits of their labor. This is consistently one of our favorite days at Boutique Bites.
Step Up
“Inspiring Women to Inspire Girls” is the tagline of Step Up, and we couldn’t agree more! This organization is one of the strongest we’ve seen in terms of mentorship, follow-through, and results. It is inspiring to be a part of the Step Up community and watch the girls in the program gain the confidence to start achieving their dreams. We have worked with them for a few years and it is always a rewarding experience.
clientele
browse posts by category
Drink & Be Married
Drinks
Eat
Eat Drink & Be Married
Edible Style Guide
events
Food
Food & Fashion
Friends
Holidays
Inspiration
Other
Sweets
This or That
browse posts by date
June 2014
May 2014
November 2013
June 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
May 2012
Sign Up For Dinner Club Invites
We are no longer offering catering for offsite events, however we opened a new Café and Private Event Space in Winnetka called
Towne & Oak
and would love to host your event. Please
inquire for details
.
Keep In Touch With Us
call
773.313.3211
email
info@boutiquebites.com
visit
915 green bay road,   winnetka, IL   60093
Copyright © 2026 ·
Boutique Bites
on
Genesis Framework
·
WordPress
·
Log in
Home
About
Events
Press
Venue
Cheers
Contact
Blog