URL: http://austinoptometrygrp.com

PHONE: 5124544641
PHONE: 
EMAIL: aog@austinoptometrygrp.com
Optometrist in Austin | Austin Optometry Group
Call Us Today
(512) 454-4641
Book An
Appointment
Home
About
Our Practice
Meet The Doctors
Texas Specialty Eye Center
In The Media
Eye Care Services
Patient Center
Shop Online
Insurance & Payments
Patient Testimonials
Leave Us A Review
Blog
For Providers
Patient Referral Form
Contact Us
Providing Austin With Comprehensive Eye Care Since 1976
WELCOME TO
Austin Optometry Group
Founded in 1976, we have proudly been the eye doctors for central Austin, north Austin, Westlake, Pflugerville, Cedar Park, Round Rock, Dripping Springs, and surrounding Austin areas.  Our goal to provide our patients with the most comprehensive eye care available with integrity and respect. We provide general optometric services from chronic eye conditions to acute eye conditions. Our skills and reputation in fitting contact lenses, ranging from new wearers to extremely complex and difficult fits, is among the best in the country, and we utilize the latest digital mapping and imaging equipment available to create that perfect, customized fit for each individual’s needs. Laser vision correction (LASIK) or other forms of refractive surgery consultation and management is offered, as well as non-surgical vision correction and gentle overnight corneal reshaping (Orthokeratology) as an alternative.  We test your corneal and retinal health thoroughly, diagnose and manage dry eyes, glaucoma, keratoconus, cataracts, macular degeneration, and many other ocular conditions. Ocular emergencies are treated expeditiously. Comprehensive testing and appropriate referrals to the top surgical specialists for cataracts, retinal, corneal, neurological, and systemic health problems are ordered as necessary. Our optical boutique is available for all your eyewear needs, having over 600 frames and the latest in prescription lens technology provided by our certified opticians.
The Austin Optometry Group considers it a privilege to be a part of our patients’ healthcare team. We look forward to seeing you!
Learn More
What We Offer
Our Services
View All Services
Scleral Contact Lenses
[LINK]
Orthokeratology
[LINK]
Myopia Management
[LINK]
Ocular Disease Management
[LINK]
Meet Our Doctor
Dr. Aaron Wolf
OD, FAAO, FSLS, FIAOMC
Dr. Aaron T. Wolf, a therapeutic optometrist and optometric glaucoma specialist, received his Bachelor of Arts in Biology from Baylor University before pursuing his Doctor of Optometry degree from the University of Houston. He has been in private practice in Austin, Texas since 2009 and is the owner of Austin Optometry Group in north central Austin. Dr. Wolf is highly trained and experienced in all ocular diseases such as glaucoma, diabetic retinopathy and age-related macular degeneration.
Dr. Wolf’s special interest and practice emphasis is in dry eye syndrome, ocular surface diseases, and specialty contact lenses for difficult-to-fit eyes, including scleral lenses, corneal gas permeable lenses, custom soft lenses, cosmetic/prosthetic lenses, and orthokeratology (a.k.a. Ortho-K). He co-manages LASIK and cataract surgery, and is one of the few doctors in the region who regularly provides orthokeratology corneal reshaping treatment to fully correct vision without the use of daily wear contacts, glasses, or even LASIK (Dr. Wolf uses the orthokeratology therapy on himself for his vision). He is experienced with all the newest technology and imaging instruments available today that enhance the ability to provide premium eye care. Dr. Wolf also regularly provides routine optometric care and pediatric eye exams.
Dr. Aaron Wolf is a Fellow of the American Academy of Optometry, a Fellow of the Scleral Lens Education Society, and a Fellow of the International Academy of Orthokeratology and Myopia Control. He has successfully fitted over 1,000 scleral lens cases and over 500 orthokeratology (Ortho-K) cases. He is currently the only practicing doctor in Texas certified on all available EyePrintProsthetics devices, a silicone-based ocular impression technique of fitting eyes with specialty contact lenses that takes over 1 million data points from the impression to create a custom perfectly-fitted scleral or corneal lens. He is only the second doctor in Texas certified in custom correction of nighttime glare/halos/starbursts, otherwise known as Higher Order Aberrations (HOAs) through the use of Ovitz technology. He was one of the first five doctors in Texas to have incorporated 3D scanning technology of the eye with the Eaglet Eye Surface Profiler, a device that measures nearly 500,000 data points to design custom scleral, corneal, soft, hybrid, and orthokeratology contact lenses. Dr. Wolf is the first doctor in the world to have personally designed a GAUDI freeform scleral lens from practitioner software. Almost all of his specialty contact lenses are painstakingly designed with CAD software (GAUDI, WAVE, EyeSpace, ScanFitPro, and others). Dr. Wolf also serves as a consultant on a corneoscleral orthokeratology design set to launch in 2023.
Dr. Wolf is a member of the American Academy of Orthokeratology and Myopia Control, Scleral Lens Education Society, International Keratoconus Academy, American Optometric Association, Texas Optometric Association, Central Texas Optometric Society, and the Ocular Nutrition Society. He has served multiple terms as President of the Central Texas Optometric Society, one of Texas’ largest regional optometric societies, as well as a selected member of numerous committees of the Texas Optometric Association.
Dr. Aaron Wolf is a key opinion leader, national speaker, and/or product development advisor for Johnson & Johnson Vision Care (USA), Ovitz (USA), Eaglet Eye (Netherlands), Medmont Intl. (Australia), Oculus WAVE (USA), EyeSpace (New Zealand), BostonSight (USA), SynergEyes (USA), and Valley Contax (USA), advising on the development of clinical application of specialty contact lenses, scleral lenses, nighttime glare/high order aberrations, and orthokeratology/ “Ortho-K”. Dr. Wolf also has served on numerous not-for-profit and for-profit clinical advisory boards. Dr. Wolf is the eye doctor contracted with the State of Texas to provide care to the residents of the Austin State Supported Living Center, for those with advanced intellectual and developmental disabilities.
Dr. Wolf is a native Texan, born and raised in San Antonio and growing up around the Texas hill country and gulf coast. In his free time he enjoys trail running, following all things Baylor Bears, being active in his community, and spending quality time with his wife, Ashley. He has also served on several medical mission trips to Haiti and looks forward to the next opportunity to serve overseas. Dr. Wolf is an open book, ask him anything you’d like to know and he’ll be happy to share!
Featured Brands
Insurances We Accept
Over 300 5-Star Reviews
Patient Testimonials
”
We have used Dr Wolf as our optometrist for the past 7 years always the best .
Bobby L.
View All Reviews
Painful eye during the night. My partner is a patient of Dr Wolf and asked for an early appointment for me. They worked me, diagnosed the problem, had me out in an hour and scheduled as followup. Great job!
James W.
View All Reviews
Dr Wolf did a wonderful job with evaluating my eye condition and providing several good options for lenses. Dr Wolf explained everything thoroughly throughout the process. I am very pleased with the results. 20/20 vision in both eyes for the first time in decades!
Frederic W.
View All Reviews
First of all I want to start by saying I don’t ever write reviews but Dr. Wolf and his team literally changed my life. Dr. Wolf and his team showed the outmost professionalism in the case of my Keratoconus disease. After some visits to other optometrist I didn’t feel confident with any of them, however Dr. Wolf and his team not only made me feel comfortable, but made me feel confident in my options. After a few appointments to fit scleral lenses, I can confidently say I’ve gotten my sight back and with that a big part of my life back. If you’re looking for a specialist in the matter, I can confidently say Dr. Wolf is the best. Thanks for giving me my sight back!!
Jose G.
View All Reviews
I trust Dr. Wolf with my eye health. Sophia was wonderful doing the initial machines, getting all my information, taking the extra step to check an eye that has been bothering me. Front staff so helpful and detailed as well! I would highly recommend the Austin Optometry Group and Dr. Wolf!
Magda A.
View All Reviews
The staff is efficient, well trained and pleasant. Dr. Wolf listens and carefully considers all of my questions. I feel confident that I am receiving excellent advice and care.
Yvonne B.
View All Reviews
MAP
CONTACT INFORMATION
8105 Shoal Creek Blvd. Suite A
Austin, TX 78757
(512) 454-4641
(512) 454-1265
aog@austinoptometrygrp.com
HOURS OF OPERATION
Monday
8:00am - 4:30pm
Tuesday
8:00am - 4:30pm
Wednesday
8:00am - 4:30pm
Thursday
8:00am - 4:30pm
Friday
8:00am - 2:00pm
Saturday
Closed
Sunday
Closed
© 2026 Austin Optometry Group. All Rights Reserved.
Accessibility Statement
-
Privacy Policy
-
Sitemap
Powered by:
×
Appointment Request
At Austin Optometry Group, we provide the highest quality eye care to all our patients. Schedule your appointment today.
8:00 am
9:00 am
10:00 am
11:00 am
1:00pm
2:00pm
3:00pm
4:00pm
Thank you. We will connect with you shortly.
You are missing required fields.
Dynamic Error Description
There was an error processing this form.
×
Thank You!
We've copied your review, after you click 'Publish' please paste your review by selecting 'ctrl' + 'v' into the review comments section.
Publish to
Social
Close
×
Login
Forgot Password?
OR
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Google
Looking to
create an account
?
Already have an account?
Login
×
Save Search
×
Saved Searches
×
Modal title
One fine body…
Close
Save changes
×
Update Profile
Email
Name
Password
Confirm Password