URL: https://www.blinkgeorgetown.com/our-team

PHONE: 737.225.8644
PHONE: 737-225-8644
EMAIL: info@blinkgeorgetown.com
Meet The Doctor At blink boutique eyecare + eyewear in Georgetown | Optometrists in Georgetown
Call Us Today
(737) 225-8644
SCHEDULE AN APPOINTMENT
Home
About
About Us
Meet The Team
Technology
Services
Eyewear
Insurances
Patient Center
Patient Forms
Schedule An Appointment
Reviews
Promotions
Blog
Contact Us
Meet The Team
Dr. Kimberly Pham
Optometrist
Dr. Kimberly Q. Pham is a therapeutic optometrist and optometric glaucoma specialist.
Dr. Pham is very passionate about music. She plays the piano and has been singing competitively since she was a toddler. Sometimes upon patient requests, she will sing them a song or two!
​​​​​
Dr. Kimberly Q. Pham is a therapeutic optometrist and optometric glaucoma specialist.
Dr. Pham is very passionate about music. She plays the piano and has been singing competitively since she was a toddler. Sometimes upon patient requests, she will sing them a song or two!
When Dr. Pham is not thinking about eyes; she enjoys spending time with her wonderful husband and their 2 rambunctious dogs! She and her husband are proud foodies, amateur photographers, and Disney fanatics who love traveling and creating new adventures together!
Dr. Pham is a proud native Texan who was born and raised in San Antonio, TX. She graduated from the University of Texas at San Antonio with a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology in 2008. She completed her Doctor of Optometry degree at the Southern California College of Optometry in 2013 in Yorba Linda, CA. She is fluent in English, Vietnamese, and is able to comprehend and speak limited medical Spanish.  She expresses great joy and passion in managing ocular disease/pathology and co-management of refractive/cataract surgery pre- and post-operative care.
Dr. Pham is passionate about making every patient feel like family and ensuring they learn something new about their eyes. As Co-Founder of the practice, she is excited to bring a unique clinical and optical experience to the Georgetown and Texas Hill Country community for years to come!
Dr. Alyssa Garza
Optometrist
Dr. Garza earned her Doctorate in Optometry graduating Magna Cum Laude at the University of Houston College of Optometry. She completed an externship which included a medical based rotation where she worked at a community eye clinic; serving as first line care for patients with dry eye, glaucoma, macular degeneration, and other ocular diseases.
​​​​​Dr. Garza earned her Doctorate in Optometry graduating Magna Cum Laude at the University of Houston College of Optometry. She completed an externship which included a medical based rotation where she worked at a community eye clinic; serving as first line care for patients with dry eye, glaucoma, macular degeneration, and other ocular diseases.
Dr. Garza is licensed in Texas. She’s an active member of the Texas Optometric Association, the Central Texas Optometric Society, and the American Optometric Association.
Dr. Garza sees patients for all aspects of primary eye care including routine eye exams for eyeglasses and contact lenses, evaluation and management of chronic and acute eye diseases, pre and post-operative surgical management, and specialized contact lens fittings.
Being a native Texan, Dr. Garza was drawn to the allure of the Texas Hill Country and is looking forward to serving her community full time! As a Co-Founder of Blink Boutique, she strives to ensure the best medical and optical experience for all of her patients.
In her free time, Dr. Garza enjoys traveling, ordering takeout and watching movies, and spending time with her daughter!
Jay Farris
Optician
Jay is over the moon to be part of the founding blink team! After working in optometry for the past five years across a handful of offices, they’ve learned everything from insurance verification to special ocular testing to selling glasses and more, and they hope to expand their knowledge going forward.
​​​​​Jay is over the moon to be part of the founding blink team! After working in optometry for the past five years across a handful of offices, they’ve learned everything from insurance verification to special ocular testing to selling glasses and more, and they hope to expand their knowledge going forward. They have a focus on the patient experience, believing that customers should feel seen, heard, and supported throughout their time at the office in order to make the best decisions for their eyes. The goal is to make a trip to the eye doctors fun and educational for anyone who comes through the door!
While not at the office, Jay enjoys spending time with their loving partner and dog. They’re always listening to music, and takes advantage of being in the live music capital of the world to see as many concerts as possible with friends and family. Though nothing beats a night at home with their Nintendo Switch or a comic book!
MAP
CONTACT INFORMATION
501 S Austin Ave, Suite 1145,
​​​​​​​Georgetown, TX 78626 ​​
Located on the 1st floor of the Block 27 building
(737) 225-8644
(737) 225-8814
info@blinkgeorgetown.com
@blinkgeorgetown
HOURS OF OPERATION
Monday
9:00am - 5:00pm
Tuesday
10:00am - 7:00pm
Wednesday
9:30am - 6:30pm
Thursday
9:00am - 5:00pm
Friday
By appointment
Saturday
By appointment
Sunday
By appointment
© 2026 blink boutique eyecare + eyewear. All Rights Reserved.
Accessibility Statement
-
Privacy Policy
-
Sitemap
Powered by:
×
Appointment Request
At blink boutique eyecare + eyewear, we provide the highest quality eye care to all our patients. Schedule your appointment today.
8:00 am
9:00 am
10:00 am
11:00 am
1:00pm
2:00pm
3:00pm
4:00pm
Thank you. We will connect with you shortly.
You are missing required fields.
Dynamic Error Description
There was an error processing this form.
×
Thank You!
We've copied your review, after you click 'Publish' please paste your review by selecting 'ctrl' + 'v' into the review comments section.
Publish to
Social
×
Close
×
Login
Forgot Password?
OR
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Google
Looking to
create an account
?
Already have an account?
Login
×
Save Search
×
Saved Searches
×
Modal title
…
Close
Save changes
×
Update Profile
Email
Name
Password
Confirm Password