URL: http://jsaueropticians.com

J. Sauer, Inc. • Opticians • Carolyn London, Optician • 312 Roanoke Avenue, Riverhead, NY
J. Sauer, Inc. • Opticians • Carolyn London, Optician
312 Roanoke Avenue, Riverhead, NY 11901 •
Map and Directions
• 631.727.3274
Total Service With The Personal Touch
Prescriptions Filled
Contacts Fitted
Eyeglass Repair
Low Vision Aids
Medicare Accepted
10% Senior Citizen Discount
Featured Designer Frames
Jones New York Eyeglasses Eyewear Collection Is So Well Crafted It Uses Italian-Made Zyl, German-Made Spring Hinges And Nose Pads And Titanium Temples. The Clean And Sophistocated Look Is Good For Any Occasion. Jones New York Eyeglasses And Eyewear Frames Styles Include Metal, Rimless, Plastic Or Plastic/Metal Combination.
Reflecting the design sensibility and spirit of Donna Karan Collection, the eyeglasses line offers men and women styles that are sophisticated, using modern and lightweight materials. As stated by Donna Karan, "Eyeglasses is an integral part of my head-to-toe philosophy and a personal passion".
Giorgio Armani Eyeglasses from the most famous Italian designers Giorgio Armani and Sergio Galeotti founded the company in Milan Italy in 1975. Giorgio Armani eyeglasses are known worldwide for their luxurious and sophisticated designs both for men and women. Meticulous crafted and designed with lightweight & durable frames for superb comfort & fit, Giorgio Armani eyeglasses offer both quality and style.
Christian Dior eyeglasses eyewear is a fashion-forward frame collection including rectangular framefronts in flat metal and combination frames. Over the years, the Christian Dior brand has been modernized, and the success of its collections has also involved its eyeglasses eyewear line.
Today, with the power of success, Missoni Eyewear alms to monochromes, but yet enchanted. Fasinated monochromes, almost bewitched, since the oranges, the yellows, the purples, the streaky greens of the eyeglasses are almost captured by the acetates. And so the famous "gluings on paper" create superb depths on frames that have become less high, almost allowing Design to prevail on Fashion.
Escada eyeglasses are comfortable, feminine, and full of possibilities. The designs that combine unique lines and shapes with the best materials are some of the most stylish coming out of a background of fashion.
Valentino eyeglasses eyewear. The collection seduces us with its bold shapes and surprising colors. Valentino eyeglasses eyewear models in metal, marked by large shapes and temples in acetate, are luxuriously feminine.
The Ellen Tracy collection is specifically designed to appeal to the Ellen Tracy consumer, women with polished style who appreciate high quality designer fashions. the collection offers sophisticated, elegant and creative fashion sensitive to the customer’s needs, luxurious, polished styling with “touch me” textures, harmonious use of color and materials, original designs and modern detail treatments with subtle embellishments.
Givenchy eyewear is feminine, luxurious and reflects the modern eyewear design and elegance of Givenchy apparel and accessory collections. the Givenchy eyewear styles are sophisticated and modern.
The Ralph Lauren eyewear, polo eyewear, chaps eyewear collections present elegant models, often with particularly generous dimensions. acetate and optyle are the main materials used for rectangular, contoured designs and maxi-sized square frames with glamorous, eye-catching profiles that are simultaneously mysterious and stylish.
Tommy Hilfiger eyeglasses eyewear offers styling that juxtaposes classic and modern, traditional and urban hip. It unites vivid colors, rich materials, and innovative logo treatments for a distinctive look.
Sophia Loren was the first celebrity to have an eyewear brand, and since 1980, her collection has been one of the top-selling brands to women over 40. Each style is designed to accommodate multi-focal lenses and offers a wide range of flattering colors and exclusive jewel-like styling and feminine accents.
Randy Jackson brings his winning sense of style to his own line of eyewear. featuring on trend eyewear shapes and colors, Randy Jackson eyewear will give every man a stylish and masculine look.
Elle eyewear collection is feminine and gives that extra look for any event. the subway and trench coat are screaming for these glasses. the most vibrant styles in eyeglasses for ladies! these eyeglasses have all customer needs with style, variety, and stirring colors. Elle tenders eyeglasses that suit your personality.
J. Sauer, Inc. • Opticians • Carolyn London, Optician
312 Roanoke Avenue, Riverhead, NY 11901 • 631.727.3274