URL: https://stores.bestbuy.com/ca/san-diego/5151-mission-center-rd-438.html/?ref=NS&loc=ns100

PHONE: (619)574-1076
Best Buy in San Diego, CA -  5151 Mission Center Rd - Electronics, Appliances & More
Toggle Header Menu
Submit
Top Deals
Deal of the Day
My Best Buy Memberships
Credit Cards
Gift Cards
Gift Ideas
Top Deals
Deal of the Day
My Best Buy Memberships
Credit Cards
Gift Cards
Gift Ideas
Come see our new look!
Immerse yourself in the latest technology, hands on.
Learn More
All Stores
California
San Diego
5151 Mission Center Rd
GEEK SQUAD
Best Buy Mission Valley
4.2
(
7384
reviews)
5151 Mission Center Rd
San Diego
,
CA
92108
(619) 574-1076
(619) 574-1076
Schedule a service
Track your repair
Directions
Store Hours
Curbside Hours
Services Offered
Geek Squad Services
Camera Experience Shop
Apple Shop
Windows Store
Samsung Experience Shop
Samsung Experience Only
Sony Experience
View More
On This Page:
Shop
Specialty Shops & Services
Explore
FAQs
Reviews
About
Nearby Stores
Find Items in This Store
Submit
Shop
Best Buy Mission Valley
Computers & Tablets
TV & Home Theater
Video Games
Cell Phones
Audio
Appliances
Smart Home, Security & Wi-Fi
Cameras, Camcorders & Drones
Wearable Technology
Health, Wellness & Personal Care
Home, Furniture & Office
Toys, Games & Crafts
Specialty Shops and Services
Apple Shop
Trade-In
Windows Store
Samsung Experience Only
Sony Experience
LG Experience
Google Home Experience
Amazon Alexa Experience
Camera Experience Shop
Apple Authorized Service Provider
More to Explore
Save with open-box products at a store near you.
Shop Open Box
Now hiring
Search Open Jobs
Frequently Asked Questions About
Best Buy Mission Valley
How do I check product availability at the Mission Valley Best Buy?
BestBuy.com will have the latest product availability information. Check back frequently, as product availability may change. Statuses such as Sold Out or Check Stores may update throughout the season. Products displayed as Sold Out, In Store Only, or Check Stores cannot be ordered by phone. Call Center agents are not able to provide guidance on inventory levels.
How do I check my order status?
Visit the Order Status page and enter the order number (from your order confirmation email), plus the last name and phone number you used to place the order. If you have an account, you can also access your orders from your Account overview after you sign in.
My local Mission Valley Best Buy store and BestBuy.com ran out of the item I want. Is there another way to get it?
Inventory is constantly updated in stores and on BestBuy.com, especially during the holiday season. Make sure to check back early, and often, in case of a restock.
I bought a gift that requires service/installation. When can I expect that to be scheduled?
We’ll always try our best to accommodate your needs when scheduling a service appointment and would be happy to reserve the most convenient, available appointment slot for you, but for time-sensitive services/installations we recommend that you schedule as far in advance as possible. For vehicle installations, you can view, schedule, check, change or reschedule appointments by visiting Geek Squad® Autotech Reservations. Please keep in mind that demand for appointments around the holidays is so high that appointment slots typically fill up quickly.
What are Best Buy Mission Valley stores’ holiday hours?
To accommodate your schedule during the holiday rush, many Best Buy stores will be open for extended holiday hours. Some stores may have different hours where required by local ordinances or landlord regulations. Mall-based Best Buy store hours may vary based on mall hours. For the most up-to-date hours, please review store hours on the Mission Valley Best Buy store web page located above. BestBuy.com is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year and offers free around-the-clock chat support.
Recent Reviews
4.2
(
7384
reviews)
Chey b
October 06, 2026
1
out of 5
Worst experience I’ve ever had
Marcus C
October 05, 2026
5
out of 5
This best buy was like a party inside!
emma
October 01, 2026
1
out of 5
If I could give this experience 0 stars, I would because  Geek squad is rude beyond BELIEF! After assisting an elderly woman, one of the Best Buy workers turns to his coworker and said “God shes f***ing annoying” while the elderly woman was turned the other way! What’s even more trifiling is that he was confidently saying that in front of the woman he just assisted and in front of me as well (another customer)! The person helping me was also extremely rude because she was having issues on HER end…? When her own computer wasn’t working, instead of asking a higher up to help her, she told me there’s nothing she could do and repeatedly mentioned that “we are not apple”. I was unable to get her name, but she had glasses and turned the computer over to me asking me what to do?? I’ve been to this location multiple times and honestly I’ve never had a good experience.
Krystle P
September 30, 2026
1
out of 5
Had a return, called in advance confirming I didn’t need a box. I get there and manager insists I need a box because “it was a third party seller”. Isn’t that the reason I go through Best Buy? For a seamless return policy if I need it. She insisted there was no box in the house. Seriously? Associate was helpful but the manager was rude and went out of her way not to help. If I buy from Best Buy then I expect them to support products they have on their website. How is it on me as the customer to know their internal policy? Especially when I call ahead to confirm and still get burned. Even the security guard was stunned she wouldn’t help me and put it on me to fix my own problem. Bad manager here.
About
Best Buy Mission Valley
bestbuy.com
Visit our Support Center
Check your Order Status
Shipping, Delivery & Store Pickup
Returns & Exchanges
Price Match Guarantee
Order & Purchases
Check Order Status
Shipping, Delivery & Pickup
Returns & Exchanges
Price Match Guarantee
Product Recalls
Trade-In Program
Gift Cards
Payment Options
My Best Buy® Credit Card
Pay Your Bill at Citibank
Lease to Own
Buy Now, Pay Later
Support & Services
Visit our Support Center
Shop with an Expert
Schedule a Service
Manage an Appointment
Protection & Support Plans
Haul Away & Recycling
Contact Us
Rewards & Membership
My Best Buy Memberships
View Points & Certificates
Member Offers
Partnerships
Sell on Best Buy Marketplace
Advertise with Us
Affiliates: Creators & Publishers
Best Buy Health
Best Buy Education
Best Buy Business
Partner+
About Best Buy
Corporate Information
Careers
Corporate Responsibility
Sustainability
Best Buy Canada
Best Buy Canada
Legal & Privacy
Accessibility
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Interest-Based Ads
State Privacy Rights
Health Data Privacy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Limit Use of My Sensitive Personal Information
Targeted Advertising Opt Out
California Supply Chain Transparency Act
In-store pricing may vary. Prices and offers are subject to change. © 2026 Best Buy. All rights reserved. BEST BUY, the BEST BUY logo, the tag design, and MY BEST BUY are trademarks of Best Buy and its affiliated companies.