URL: http://sacksoptical.com/about-us

About Us - Sacks Optical
Home
Lenses
About Us
Home
Lenses
About Us
Family Owned and Operated since 2009
Our Philisophy
We are an independent eyewear optical striving to bring you the best quality, styles and service. We pride ourselves on unparalleled customer service and industry expertise. To achieve this, we believe in five pillars to attain excellence:
These five pillars help our clients select eyewear to fit their modern lifestyles. We believe in traveling the globe to curate a collection of the finest, independently owned eyewear brands to support our five pillars. Our team tests each collection and frame to guarantee quality, fashionability, functionality, durability and customer satisfaction.
Fashionability
Quality
Functionality
Durability
Customer Satisfaction
History of Sacks Optical
Founded In 2009
Our optician is specifically trained in lens technology, design, and fit, as well as the latest trends in eyewear fashion. We work with top lab facilities to handcraft every pair of lenses to ensure the proper prescription, tint, fit, and lens design. Due to our industry expertise, we have become one of the largest independent retailers of progressive lenses, namely, Shamir's Autograph Intelligence progressive lenses.
Founded in 2009, Sacks Optical is a family owned and operated optical that has grown from a single boutique store located discretely inside a medical office building in Los Angeles, California, into one of the most popular independent optical destinations for the most discerning clientele while still being considered one of Los Angeles' hidden gems in the city.
We are recognized as an industry leader for independently owned eyewear lines. We carefully curate and handpick our collections from the world's most sought after independently owned eyewear lines.
2023
About Robert Sacks, M.D.
Robert Sacks, M.D. is a Board Certified Ophthalmologist in Los Angeles, California. Dr. Robert Sacks graduated UCLA School of Medicine and completed a residency in ophthalmology at Northwestern University. He also received a Masters degree from UCLA. Dr. Sacks is a member of the American Board of Ophthalmology, the California Association of Ophthalmology, the American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery, the International Society of Refractive Surgery and the California Academy of Eye Physicians and Surgeons. Dr. Robert Sacks personally examines each patient and prides himself on his high degree of customer service. Throughout his first 19 years in practice, Dr. Robert Sacks noticed that patients lacked a convenient optical to find quality, fashionable and functional frames with the customer service that his patients deserve and have come to expect. In 2009, Dr. Robert Sacks and his family opened Sacks Optical to provide his patients with the optical his patients deserve.
Home
Lenses
About Us
Follow Us
Facebook
Instagram
Categories
Women’s Sunglasses
Women’s Opticals
Men’s Sunglasses
Men’s Opticals
Unisex Sunglasses
Unisex Opticals
Stop by our Optical Shop in Los Angeles
1125 South Beverly Drive. Suite 710
Los Angeles, CA 90035 My Map
Hours of Operation
Monday - Friday: 9:00AM to 5:00PM
Saturday: Closed Sunday: Closed
Follow Us
Facebook
Instagram
Shopping Cart
No products in the cart.