URL: https://videomonet.com/company_profile.php/about

Video Monet® by Optical Fusion for Video Conference Calls
X
Support
Name*
Email Address*
Select Category
Report Problem
Leave a Comment
Version
Windows
Mac
Android
iOS
Subject*
Message*
Image Verification
Please enter the text from the image
[
Refresh Image
] [
What's This?
]
Get Video Monet®
Company
Support
Contact Us
Sign In
Optical Fusion, Inc
2672 Bayshore Pkwy, Suite 1020
Mountain View, CA 94043
Optical Fusion, Inc. is changing the world with its introduction of Video Monet®, a high quality comprehensive multipoint videoconferencing solution. The service delivers HD video providing a dedicated room like experience without custom hardware or software. The software runs on Windows, Android, MAC, and iOS platforms.
Optical Fusion Inc., together with its subsidiary in Bangalore, India, has around 60 employees, with over 50 of them being a part of the technical team.
Leadership
Mukund Thapa - CEO, President, CTO.
Dr.  Mukund Thapa is the founder and chief technology architect for Video-Monet. He envisioned a comprehensive business oriented multi-point videoconferencing solution across all devices including mobile, well before the smartphones were launched. He has over 25 years' experience as an entrepreneur, software developer, mathematician, computer scientist. At Optical Fusion, Inc., he is responsible for the technology architecture and managing the US-based organization, as well as its subsidiary in Bengaluru, India.
Dr. Mukund Thapa graduated with a PhD in Operations Research from Stanford. His past accomplishment include the following.
After working briefly at Applied Decision Analysis, Inc., he founded Stanford Business Software, Inc. Here he developed custom algorithms for satellite communications, large-scale mathematical models, databases, GUI, specialized algorithms, and financial models.
He has been a consulting professor at Stanford and has taught PhD/MS level courses there in the past.
His publications include two textbooks on linear programming with Professor George B. Dantzig, inventor of linear programming; and, a forthcoming textbook on Linear/Nonlinear programming with Professor Richard Cottle of Stanford University.
He has eight published patents (one on satellite communications and seven in videoconferencing).
Several others have been filed and are pending approval.
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
|
Download
|
Register
Home
|
Company
|
My Account
|
Support
|
Contact Us
Copyright © 2026 Optical Fusion Inc