URL: http://2020image.com/about

PHONE: +14802875664
About 20/20 Image Eye Center | Top Eye Doctors Near You
Skip to content
480-287-5664
Find a Location
Menu
480-287-5664
Find a Location
Home
Locations
Doctors
About
Patient Forms
Contact
About 20/20 Image Eye Center
Our brand promise
: To always deliver outstanding care and quality service to our patients and customers.
Values
At 20/20 Image Eye Center, we believe in using advanced technology to support comprehensive eye care, including routine eye exams.
Our values guide our approach to patient care.
The optometrists within the 20/20 Image Eye Center network of affiliated practices are focused on quality patient care. They use advanced diagnostic technology and eye care services to deliver comprehensive eye care, from routine eye exams to supporting care for a range of eye conditions.
The practices within the 20/20 Image Eye Center network are guided by values that inform their approach to patient care:
Commitment
- Providers recognize that every patient has unique vision care needs and work to deliver comprehensive eye care.
Style
- Each practice carries a wide selection of designer eyewear to fit every lifestyle.
Communication
- Open communication with patients is a priority in supporting quality care.
Passion
- The optometrists and staff are committed to supporting patients’ eye health and vision.
20/20 Image Eye Centers was founded in 1996, with a small office in Fountain Hills. Our goal was to bring back the feeling of the family eye doctor we had known growing up. We think we have succeeded. With a 99% satisfaction rate, our patients think so too!
We serve as the eye care specialists for everybody in the family, from the youngest child anxious about their first eye exam to a teenager hoping to find the perfect “look” in eyeglasses to aging parents who want to protect and preserve their vision. In every case, we put you at ease by treating you respectfully, keeping you informed, and working to make a positive difference in your life.
In 2018, 20/20 Image Centers joined the AEG vision family of brands.
John H. McDougall, O.D., Arizona, PC
480-287-5664
Website content copyrighted and protected under Title 17 of the United States Code
Proudly Supported by AEG VISION®
Careers
Accessibility
Notice of Privacy Practices
Notice of Nondiscrimination
No Surprises Act
Privacy Policy
Washington Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
×
We value your privacy. We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve targeted ads or content, and analyze our site usage.
By clicking the button below, you are opting out of the sale and/or sharing of personal information for targeted advertising purposes.
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
USE IT OR LOSE IT!
DAYS LEFT UNTIL INSURANCE BENEFITS AND FSA EXPIRE!
LEARN MORE