URL: http://www.twinforksoptometry.com

EMAIL: contact@twinforksoptometry.com
PHONE: (631) 740-9384
PHONE: //1-631-740-9384
Twin Forks Optometry & Vision Therapy in Riverhead, NY
(631) 740-9384
contact@twinforksoptometry.com
Facebook
Facebook
Home
About
In the News
Podcast
VIEWSletter
Location & Hours
Contact
PAY YOUR BILL
Vision & Eye Care
Pediatric & Adolescent Eye Care
Vision Therapy
Patient Center
Success Stories
Select Page
WELCOME TO
TWIN FORKS OPTOMETRY & VISION THERAPY
Your Optometrist in Riverhead, NY
CALL FOR AN APPOINTMENT:
(631) 740-9384
Pediatric & Adolescent Eye Care
The American Optometric Association recommends scheduling your baby’s first eye assessment at 6 months of age, even if there are no apparent concerns. .
Learn More >>>
Vision Therapy
Our comprehensive visual exam includes checking eye teaming, focusing, and movement skills.  We can treat deficiencies with in-office vision therapy
.
Learn More >>>
Yearly Eye Exams
Twin Forks Optometry focuses on addressing all of your visual needs, including monitoring the health of your eyes and visual function.
Learn More >>>
Our Primary Aim:
Twin Forks Optometry is dedicated to providing members of our community of all ages with exceptional eye care. We pride ourselves on taking the time to listen, evaluate and offer the best solutions to your individual vision and eye care needs.
Our office is centrally located in the heart of Riverhead, outfitted with cutting edge technology and always accommodating to our patients visiting for a routine eye exam, contact lens fitting,  ocular disease management or vision therapy.
Twin Forks Optometry’s founding doctors, eye care professionals and vision therapists are always on-site and available to our patients. Our office revolves around a collaborative and comprehensive solution to many eye care needs. Consultations are available if our patients have any questions or would like to explore what Twin Forks Optometry can help with.
Examining the anterior segment of the eye.
We are happy to answer any questions or book appointments at
(631) 740-9384
“
Dr. Zilnicki is an amazing eye doctor who wants nothing but the best for her patients!!! My first eye doctor appointment ever was with her and I couldn’t have been more pleased with the outcome!”
~Kelly E.
Facebook
“Dr. Licausi & her office were extremely capable, very pleasant, completely cooperative & thoroughly supportive… It was a 1st-time appointment, which made the excellence of it all the more impressive!”~
David PatientFusion
TWIN FORKS OPTOMETRY & VISION THERAPY
Your Optometrist in Riverhead
25 Cranberry Street, Suite A
Riverhead, NY 11901
CALL FOR AN APPOINTMENT:
(631) 740-9384
Get in Touch
Twin Forks Optometry, PLLC,
Miki Lyn Zilnicki, O.D
Jessica Licausi, O.D., F.A.A.O
Email Us
Phone:
(631) 740- 9384
Fax:
(631) 740-9385
Url:
twinforksoptometry.com
25 Cranberry Street, Suite A
Riverhead
,
NY
11901
Office Hours
Mon:  9 am - 5:00 pm
Tue: 9 am - 5:00 pm
Wed: 9 am - 5:00 pm
Thu:  9 am - 5:00 pm
Fri:  By Appointment
Sat. & Sunday - closed
Areas Served
Twin Forks Optometry & Vision Therapy is located in eastern Long Island, serving the Twin Forks from Riverhead to Orient and Montauk. Closer towns are Riverhead, Mattituck, Hampton Bays, East Moriches
Search
Search
Quick Find
About Twin Forks Optometry
Vision & Eye Care
Pediatric & Adolescent Eye Care
Patient Center
Location & Hours
PAY YOUR BILL
©2024 - Twin Forks Optometry & Vision Therapy - Dr. Jessica Licausi and Dr Miki Lyn Zilnicki