URL: http://www.twinforksoptometry.com/about

EMAIL: contact@twinforksoptometry.com
About the doctors at Twin Forks Optometry in Riverhead NY
(631) 740-9384
contact@twinforksoptometry.com
Facebook
Facebook
Home
About
In the News
Podcast
VIEWSletter
Location & Hours
Contact
PAY YOUR BILL
Vision & Eye Care
Pediatric & Adolescent Eye Care
Vision Therapy
Patient Center
Success Stories
Select Page
About Twin Forks Optometry
Meet Your Doctors:
Dr. Miki Lyn Zilnicki
Miki Lyn Zilnicki
, O.D, graduated with honors from the SUNY College of Optometry in New York, receiving the VSP Excellence in Primary Care and Excellence in Vision Therapy awards.  She then continued her education by completing a residency in vision therapy and rehabilitation with Dr. Barry Tannen, OD.  She has extensive experience in family eye care with a specialty and passion for pediatrics, vision training and neuro-rehabilitation with traumatic brain injury patients.  She is an active member of the College of Optometrists in Vision Development and is the representative writer for vision therapy on the website
NewGradOptometry.com
.
Dr. Jessica
Licasui
Jessica Licasui
, O.D., F.A.A.O, earned her bachelor’s degree in Biology at Binghamton University. She graduated from the SUNY College of Optometry as an honor society member and received the Clinical Excellence Award in the field of GP Contact Lenses. Post-graduation, Dr. Licasui completed a residency program at the Northport VAMC which included advanced clinical training in the areas of low vision, vision rehabilitation, ocular disease and primary care.  Dr. Licasui is a fellow of the American Academy of Optometry and an active member of the Suffolk County Optometric Society and College of Optometrists in Vision Development.
Dr. Sonia Singh
Dr. Singh
graduated from Stony Brook University with a Bachelor’s in Sociology. She then went on to earn her Doctorate of Optometry from SUNY College of Optometry. Dr. Singh also completed a residency program in Vision Therapy and Rehabilitation at SUNY College of Optometry, where she focused on treating patients with eye teaming problems, eye turns, and patients with traumatic brain injuries.
If you would like to learn more about the doctors at Twin Forks Optometry and the services they offer, please visit our
Vision & Eye Care
page.
Get in Touch
Twin Forks Optometry, PLLC,
Miki Lyn Zilnicki, O.D
Jessica Licausi, O.D., F.A.A.O
Email Us
Phone:
(631) 740- 9384
Fax:
(631) 740-9385
Url:
twinforksoptometry.com
25 Cranberry Street, Suite A
Riverhead
,
NY
11901
Office Hours
Mon:  9 am - 5:00 pm
Tue: 9 am - 5:00 pm
Wed: 9 am - 5:00 pm
Thu:  9 am - 5:00 pm
Fri:  By Appointment
Sat. & Sunday - closed
Areas Served
Twin Forks Optometry & Vision Therapy is located in eastern Long Island, serving the Twin Forks from Riverhead to Orient and Montauk. Closer towns are Riverhead, Mattituck, Hampton Bays, East Moriches
Search
Search
Quick Find
About Twin Forks Optometry
Vision & Eye Care
Pediatric & Adolescent Eye Care
Patient Center
Location & Hours
PAY YOUR BILL
©2024 - Twin Forks Optometry & Vision Therapy - Dr. Jessica Licausi and Dr Miki Lyn Zilnicki