URL: http://www.opticausa.com/about-us

About Us | Optica
Skip to main content
Homepage
About Us
Brands
Designer Frames
Offers
My Stylist
Insurance
Find a Location
About Us
About the Company
For years, Optica has been synonymous with exceptional customer service, provided by our highly trained opticians and experienced stylists.
Our boutiques showcase an exquisite selection of luxury eyewear from premier brands such as Cartier, Chanel, Tom Ford, Dita, Gucci, and Prada, among many others.
We specialize in cutting-edge HD digital lens technology and customize lenses to fit your lifestyle. Options include polarized or anti-reflective coatings, Transitions lenses, and personalized color tinting—ensuring your eyewear is as unique as you are.
Frequently Asked Questions
What are your store hours?
All stores have convenient hours to fit your schedule, and many are open seven days a week. Store hours vary by location. You can verify the exact hours by contacting the location you intend to visit. For specific information, see our
Store Locator
page.
How long will it take before my glasses are ready?
Eyewear is a custom order and the time required to fulfill your order varies. Some glasses may be ready within one-to-two hours – even for those that include bifocals and progressives.
Do you carry sport and sunglasses?
Many locations offer a large selection of sport and sun eyewear – both prescription and non-prescription.
How much can I expect to pay for my new glasses?
The frame and the type of lens you need (e.g., single-vision, bifocals) factor into the cost. With prices offered at Optica , you can be sure to find the right glasses at the right price.
Do you accept my insurance?
Optica accepts most insurance plans.
Sign up for special offers, news, and more.
Email (required)
Please leave this field empty.
Sign up
Quick Links
Privacy Policy
Store Policy
Accessibility Statement
Sitemap
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Careers
Social Media
©Optica. All Rights Reserved.
Optical Marketing by
The EGC Group