URL: http://insightoptical.com

INSIGHT OPTICAL CENTER - HOME
INSIGHT OPTICAL CENTER
HOME
Lenses
SERVICES
Sunglasses
Contact Us        Map
FOR YOUR EYECARE NEEDS
INSIGHT OPTICAL
IS THE RIGHT CHOICE
San Diego's Trusted Eyeglasses Store Since 1985
INSIGHT OPTICAL
​
We offer premium eyeglasses, expert fittings, and fast service. Walk-ins welcome.
Most single vision glasses ready in about 1 hour.
​At Insight Optical, we offer all types of eyeglasses and use top-quality lenses often not available at chain stores. We will help you choose, fit, and customize the best lenses for your needs.
NEW!
​DO YOU OWN META GLASSES
Turn Your Meta Smart Glasses Into Prescription Glasses
Crystal-Clear Vision Meets Smart Technology
Prescription Lenses for Meta Smart Glasses
Already own
Meta smart glasses
?
Bring them to
Insight Optical
, and we'll professionally fit them with premium
​ prescription lenses customized to your vision.
PRESCRIPTION EYEGLASSES
PRESCRIPTION SUNGLASSES
CUSTOM EYEGLASSES
​OUR
SERVICES
Fast Service
Free Repairs
Frame & Sunglasses
We specialize...
We fit most prescriptions, including Single Vision, Bifocal, Progressives, Prisms. Single vision glasses ready in 30–60 minutes. You're welcome to bring  your own frame.
Adjustments, screws, and minor fixes at no charge. Ask about our frame tune-up where we replace nose pads, temple covers, polish plastic frames.
Over 1,000 frames including men and women styles with expert guidance.
We specialize in advanced or special prescriptions and custom-designed eyewear.
​
TYPE OF EYEGLASSES
​
Single Vision
Bifocal
Trifocal
Progressive (No-line bifocals)
Computer Glasses
Sports & Safety Glasses
Kids & Teen Glasses
Prescription Sunglasses
Lens Options
​Materials
​Treatments
​Specialty
Plastic
Polycarbonate
High Index
​Glass
​
Anti-Reflective
Scratch Resistant
UV Protection
Blu Light Filter
Computer Lenses
Polarized Lenses
Tinted Lenses
​Transitions Lenses
Why Choose Us
Trusted since 1985
98% success rate with progressive lenses
Premium lenses not found in chain stores
Specializing in advanced or special prescriptions
Prescriptions guaranteed accurate
Testimonials
"Cannot begin to say how thrilled I am that I went to Insight Optical. Professional, engaging and made recommendations I would have never even thought of. I had no clue of the different variety of lenses available. I needed new lenses, I've worn glasses most of my adult life and the fit and quality of the lenses are the best I've ever had. Even though I didn't buy my frames here (purchased overseas) I was welcomed as if I did. I'm a customer for life, in my opinion, no need to look any further."
Denni P.
​"
I went in today to repair some sunglasses. The gentleman was extremely knowledgeable and a pleasure to talk to. I guess they have been in business at this location for over 30 years at it shows. I would definitely come back."
Jimson, T
"It is always a great day when I find a place that meets my high standards! This place can have your new prescription glasses done in an hour if the prescription is not complicated.... I'm no longer going through Sharp to get my glasses, this place is all I need!
Oh btw, I wanted to use one of my frames and they were ok with it. Mr. Robert also fixed my old prescription glasses frame that sharp couldn't adjust and constantly give me headaches.
Best place for glasses ever!!"
Cindy M.
"What amazing customer service, I had spent an hour trying to fix my glasses and couldn't do it. My Neighbor Robert at insight optical took him two minutes to fix them, as a hairstylist I really need to see what I am doing."
Kenneth B.
"If you're looking for top notch customer service, this is the best optical shop in town. They have a great selection of frames and they have a real quick turnaround time on getting orders back. The staff is all so friendly and I'm always the first to refer friends to them when they're looking for a good local place to get glasses. Thanks for being so wonderful, Insight!"
A B.
Contact Us
Address: 325 West Washington Street, San Diego, CA
​
Hours: Monday         9:30 - 5:30
Tuesday         11:00 - 3:00
Wednesday   9:30 - 5:30
Thursday       9:30 - 5:30
Friday             9:30 - 5:30
Sat & Sunday  Closed
​
Phone: 619-291-3937
Fax: 619-291-3938
Email:
[email protected]
Proudly powered by
Weebly
HOME
Lenses
SERVICES
Sunglasses
Contact Us        Map