URL: http://ameritas.com

LINKEDIN: https://www.linkedin.com/company/ameritas/
Financial Strategies for a Fulfilling Life - Ameritas
Skip to Content
For Industry Professionals
For Dental Providers
Claims
Find a Health Provider
Contact Us
Sign In
Sign In
Life
Products for life
Life Insurance
Disability Income Insurance
People who can help
Find a Financial Professional
Resources for everyone
Financial Tools
Ameritas Accounts
Wealth
Products for wealth
Investments
Annuities
People who can help
Find a Financial Professional
Health
Create an account
Member Account
Member Benefits App
Visit your provider
Find a Health Provider
Start a Claim
Shop Individual Coverage
Customer resources
Dental Cost Estimates
Forms/Disclosures
Frequently asked questions
Member Account FAQs
Dental Plan FAQs
Vision Plan FAQs
Businesses
Benefits for employees
Dental and Vision Insurance
Disability Income Insurance
Education Assistance Programs
Life Insurance
Retirement Plans
Benefits for businesses
Executive Benefits
Succession Planning
About Us
Learn more about us
Our Story
Customer Stories
Community Impact
Financial Strength
Leadership Team
Newsroom
Ameritas Insights
Join our team
Ameritas Careers
Learn about our affiliates
Ameritas Investment Company, LLC
Ameritas Advisory Services, LLC
Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc.
Sign in to Your Account
Contact Us
Find a Health Provider
Claims
For Dental Providers
For Industry Professionals
Select Page
Financial Strategies for a Fulfilling Life
When you have long-term financial goals, you need a plan. The right plan helps you feel good about the future today. That’s what you get with Ameritas.
Protect your
life
.
Manage your
wealth
.
Invest in your
health
.
Grow your
business
.
Protect your life
When you’re prepared for life, you spend less time worrying and more time doing the things you love. Insurance helps prepare you and your loved ones for whatever life brings.
Learn More about Our Insurance Products
Talk to a Financial Professional
Manage your wealth
Investing takes teamwork. Share your long-term financial goals with a qualified professional. Then, see how our products and services can help.
Learn More about Our Wealth Resources
Talk to a Financial Professional
Invest in your health
Dental, vision and hearing care is an investment in your overall health and well-being. Our plans for individuals, families or organizations help make it affordable.
Learn More about Our Health Offerings
Find an Affordable Plan for You
Grow your business
Your dreams are yours alone. But you don’t have to achieve them alone. From comprehensive business planning to employee benefits, we can help create a financial strategy that’s best for your business.
Check out Business Planning Options
Talk to a Financial Professional
Check the background of
Ameritas Investment Company
, LLC on FINRA’s
Broker Check
.
Latest from Ameritas Insights
3 Tips to Improve Your Employee Benefits Communication Plan
October 7, 2026
|
6 min read
Why Your Firm Matters When You’re the One Running…
October 2, 2026
|
5 min read
The Value of Employee Benefits
October 1, 2026
|
6 min read
More From Insights
Latest from the Newsroom
Ameritas names Stearley senior vice president of group operations
October 5, 2026
|
5 min read
Ameritas recognized for MDRT Top of the Table rankings
September 18, 2026
|
4 min read
ACLI names Berry to Rising Leaders Class of 2027
September 17, 2026
|
4 min read
More From the Newsroom
Also of Interest
Term Life Insurance
401(k) Retirement Plans
Ameritas and Ethos Life launch new index...
Ameritas Careers
Ameritas Insights
Newsroom
About Us
Privacy
Legal / Terms of Use
Accessibility
Report Fraud
Contact Us
© 2026 Ameritas Mutual Holding Company
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Info
Show Disclosures & More
This information is provided by Ameritas®, which is a marketing name for subsidiaries of Ameritas Mutual Holding Company. Subsidiaries include Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. in Lincoln, Nebraska and Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York (licensed in New York) in White Plains, New York. Each company is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations. For more information about Ameritas®, visit ameritas.com.
Ameritas® does not provide tax or legal advice. Please consult your tax advisor or attorney regarding your situation.
Variable insurance and investment products are not insured by the FDIC or any government agency, are not deposits of or guaranteed by a financial institution and may lose value.
Ameritas® and the bison design are registered service marks of Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. Fulfilling life® is a registered service mark of affiliate Ameritas Holding Company. Terms of Use: By linking, referencing, using or accessing this website, you agree to the Terms of Use, found under the Legal Information and Terms of Use section of this website.
New York Confidentiality for Victims of Domestic Violence and Endangered Individuals: Your safety is important to us. Find information about your rights regarding domestic violence privacy and confidentiality.
NY Domestic and Sexual Violence Information
|
NY Confidential Communication Request Form
Agencies and agents featured on this website are not affiliates of Ameritas Mutual Holding Company or its subsidiaries.
Health Plan Transparency Information: The Health Care Transparency Rules, made final in 2020, set forth requirements for group health plans and health insurance carriers to disclose in-network and out-of-network provider negotiated rates and drug pricing information through machine readable files. For the Ameritas Holding Company Health Plan and Ameritas Holding Company Agents Health plan, the following files are available from our carrier UMR.
Medical Files:
Through UnitedHealthcare, UMR creates and publishes Machine-Readable Files on behalf of Ameritas Holding Company.
To access the Machine-Readable Files, visit
Transparency in Coverage
and select the UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company UHC Choice Plus files.
The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (CAA), provides protections from surprise billing when receiving emergency or out-of-network care. See
Your Rights and Protections Against Surprise Medical Bills
for more information.