URL: http://ameritas.com/about-us

LINKEDIN: https://www.linkedin.com/company/ameritas/
Let's Talk About Fulfilling Life - Ameritas
Skip to Content
For Industry Professionals
For Dental Providers
Claims
Find a Health Provider
Contact Us
Sign In
Sign In
Life
Products for life
Life Insurance
Disability Income Insurance
People who can help
Find a Financial Professional
Resources for everyone
Financial Tools
Ameritas Accounts
Wealth
Products for wealth
Investments
Annuities
People who can help
Find a Financial Professional
Health
Create an account
Member Account
Member Benefits App
Visit your provider
Find a Health Provider
Start a Claim
Shop Individual Coverage
Customer resources
Dental Cost Estimates
Forms/Disclosures
Frequently asked questions
Member Account FAQs
Dental Plan FAQs
Vision Plan FAQs
Businesses
Benefits for employees
Dental and Vision Insurance
Disability Income Insurance
Education Assistance Programs
Life Insurance
Retirement Plans
Benefits for businesses
Executive Benefits
Succession Planning
About Us
Learn more about us
Our Story
Customer Stories
Community Impact
Financial Strength
Leadership Team
Newsroom
Ameritas Insights
Join our team
Ameritas Careers
Learn about our affiliates
Ameritas Investment Company, LLC
Ameritas Advisory Services, LLC
Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc.
Sign in to Your Account
Contact Us
Find a Health Provider
Claims
For Dental Providers
For Industry Professionals
Select Page
About Us
We help 6 million customers improve their lives with our financial strategies and products. Our strength, innovative mindset and competitive spirit will help more people enjoy that kind of satisfaction.
Download our
Annual Report
.
Let’s talk about fulfilling life
Ameritas offers insurance, financial services and employee benefits, but we deliver so much more. The comfort of a human voice when you need it most. The thrill of your child seeing clearly with a new pair of glasses. The confidence of planning your dream retirement. The comfort of running your business knowing you and your employees are covered. Ultimately, we help you plan well and enjoy life. We call it fulfilling life.
Read Our Story
Our mutual advantage
As a mutual-based organization, we always put our customers first. Our mutual advantage means we aren’t obligated to Wall Street analysts and stockholders.
Our business structure supports our commitment to fulfilling life. Mutuality means we’re free to focus on what’s best for you. Free to focus on long-term stability over short-term results. Free to build on the financial strength that allows us to keep our promises for generations to come.
If you’re starting to feel like you could do business with us, remember one thing: The feeling’s mutual.
Our mutual advantage
As a mutual-based organization, we always put our customers first. Our mutual advantage means we aren’t obligated to Wall Street analysts and stockholders.
Our business structure supports our commitment to fulfilling life. Mutuality means we’re free to focus on what’s best for you. Free to focus on long-term stability over short-term results. Free to build on the financial strength that allows us to keep our promises for generations to come.
If you’re starting to feel like you could do business with us, remember one thing: The feeling’s mutual.
Customer stories
Fulfilling life is the reason we’re in business. These real-life video stories from our customers are our purpose in action. They show what a difference a solid financial strategy can make for your life, business and family.
From Financial Uncertainty to Confidence: A Wealth Planning Journey
June 1, 2026
|
6 min watch
Preparing for Retirement and the Unexpected: A Real Retirement…
March 30, 2026
|
6 min watch
Prioritizing Work-Life Balance Through Financial Planning
April 2, 2025
|
6 min read
View All Customer Stories
Community impact
We believe strong and vibrant communities are the foundation of a brighter future. We also believe investing in nonprofit organizations dedicated to serving others can help make it happen. As individuals and as a company, we support causes we care about through donations and volunteerism.
See Our Community Impact
donated
Ameritas Community Giving and the Ameritas Charitable Foundation combined to invest more than $1.7 million in nonprofit organizations nationwide in 2025.
nonprofits
Funds from the Ameritas Charitable Foundation, Ameritas Charitable Giving and our company match supported more than 500 nonprofit organizations in 2025.
Financial strength
Our heritage as a mutual-based organization means we always put customers first. Our promise is to be there when they need us. We back that promise with the power of our financial strength, demonstrated by the strong financial ratings we earn year after year.
Learn More About Our Financial Strength
Financial strength
Our heritage as a mutual-based organization means we always put customers first. Our promise is to be there when they need us. We back that promise with the power of our financial strength, demonstrated by the strong financial ratings we earn year after year.
See Our Financial Strength
A+
Standard & Poor’s
A+ (Strong) for insurer financial strength. This is the fifth highest of Standard & Poor’s 21 ratings assigned.
A
AM Best
A (Excellent) for insurer financial strength. This is the third highest of AM Best’s 13 ratings assigned.
Ameritas leadership
“At Ameritas, we’re called to fulfill life. We answer the call by delivering more value and focusing on the impact we make for our customers. That’s our purpose, and it’s why we’re in business.”
Bob Jurgensmeier, CEO
Sue Wilkinson, President and COO
Meet Our Leadership Team
Latest news
There’s a lot going on at Ameritas. New products, active community involvement and company leaders discussing industry trends.
Ameritas names Stearley senior vice president of group operations
October 5, 2026
|
5 min read
Ameritas recognized for MDRT Top of the Table rankings
September 18, 2026
|
4 min read
ACLI names Berry to Rising Leaders Class of 2027
September 17, 2026
|
4 min read
Find More in Our Newsroom
Also of Interest
Strive to Achieve Your Investment Goals with...
Life Insurance Protects
Commercial Real Estate
Ameritas Careers
Ameritas Insights
Newsroom
About Us
Privacy
Legal / Terms of Use
Accessibility
Report Fraud
Contact Us
© 2026 Ameritas Mutual Holding Company
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Info
Show Disclosures & More
This information is provided by Ameritas®, which is a marketing name for subsidiaries of Ameritas Mutual Holding Company. Subsidiaries include Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. in Lincoln, Nebraska and Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York (licensed in New York) in White Plains, New York. Each company is solely responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations. For more information about Ameritas®, visit ameritas.com.
Ameritas® does not provide tax or legal advice. Please consult your tax advisor or attorney regarding your situation.
Variable insurance and investment products are not insured by the FDIC or any government agency, are not deposits of or guaranteed by a financial institution and may lose value.
Ameritas® and the bison design are registered service marks of Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. Fulfilling life® is a registered service mark of affiliate Ameritas Holding Company. Terms of Use: By linking, referencing, using or accessing this website, you agree to the Terms of Use, found under the Legal Information and Terms of Use section of this website.
New York Confidentiality for Victims of Domestic Violence and Endangered Individuals: Your safety is important to us. Find information about your rights regarding domestic violence privacy and confidentiality.
NY Domestic and Sexual Violence Information
|
NY Confidential Communication Request Form
Agencies and agents featured on this website are not affiliates of Ameritas Mutual Holding Company or its subsidiaries.
Health Plan Transparency Information: The Health Care Transparency Rules, made final in 2020, set forth requirements for group health plans and health insurance carriers to disclose in-network and out-of-network provider negotiated rates and drug pricing information through machine readable files. For the Ameritas Holding Company Health Plan and Ameritas Holding Company Agents Health plan, the following files are available from our carrier UMR.
Medical Files:
Through UnitedHealthcare, UMR creates and publishes Machine-Readable Files on behalf of Ameritas Holding Company.
To access the Machine-Readable Files, visit
Transparency in Coverage
and select the UnitedHealthcare Insurance Company UHC Choice Plus files.
The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 (CAA), provides protections from surprise billing when receiving emergency or out-of-network care. See
Your Rights and Protections Against Surprise Medical Bills
for more information.