URL: http://www.alleyesonyouoptometry.com

PHONE: +16505921820
Optometrist Eye Doctor in San Carlos | Bay Area | Peninsula | CA
Call Today:
(650) 592-1820
Home
About Us
About Our Practice
Meet Our Doctors
Patient Forms
Privacy Policy
Our Services
Services Overview
Vision Therapy
Corneal Refractive Therapy (CRT)
LASIK
Digital Retinal Imaging
Products
Products Overview
Lenses & Coatings
Contacts & Solutions
Contact Lens Care Made Easy!
Sport & Sunwear
Order Contacts Online
Eye Health
Eye Anatomy
Vision Conditions
Eye Diseases
Eyes Over 40
Children's Vision
Vision & Learning
Video Learning Center
Contact Us
Blog
Facebook
Instagram
Yelp
We Love Eyes
Our eye doctors proudly serves the families of San Carlos, CA.
From the second you walk into All Eyes on You, Optometry, our main focus is you! We have a unified team-approach that yields exceptional service during every part of your eye exam.
Schedule Online
Proudly Serving The San Carlos, CA Community
Your time is important! This is why we've assembled 6 of the most popular resource links & educational articles from the following categories on our site for your convenience. Please let us know if we can answer any specific questions you may have. And remember to call for your next appointment.
Compassionate Eye Care
We specialize in vision care solutions for patients of all ages. And you can be rest assured that your family is cared for.
To Address & Hours
Vision Therapy
Patients of all ages can benefit from vision therapy. The nature of the therapy program varies with the condition treated.
Vision Therapy
Online Forms
We do our best to ensure that your experience runs as smoothly as possible. For your convenience, we provide our forms online.
To Patient Forms
Did You Know?
Did you know that you can text messages to our office? Simply program our office number, (650) 592-1820, into your cell ...
Read More
Schedule an Exam
At All Eyes On You Optometry, our professional eye care staff will be happy to assist you with your vision needs.
Contact Us
Online Contact Lenses
With our on-site optical department, there's no need to get an exam here, then your vision aids elsewhere. We carry popular brands.
Order Online
Demo city, ST area including city1, city2, and city3">
All Eyes On You Optometry
We're a locally-owned, conveniently located optometric practice that proudly serves the community of San Carlos, CA...
Doctors Kristina Stasko, O.D., and Tracy Philips, O.D. take great pride in offering every patient the absolute best in vision care—whether through fitting them with eyeglasses or contact lenses, diagnosing cataracts, glaucoma, and other eye diseases, or recommending LASIK and other eye surgery procedures. Our expert optometrist and experienced staff will take the time to answer all of your questions, explain treatment options, and provide the highest quality eye health treatments available.
All Eyes on You, Optometry serves all of your family’s eye care needs under one roof. It will be our pleasure to serve you and we look forward to your next visit. Call us today at (650) 592-1820 to schedule an appointment.
Meet Our Eye Doctors
We're a locally-owned, conveniently located optometric practice that proudly serves the community of San Carlos, CA...
Doctors Kristina Stasko, O.D., and Tracy Philips, O.D. take great pride in offering every patient the absolute best in vision care—whether through fitting them with eyeglasses or contact lenses, diagnosing cataracts, glaucoma, and other eye diseases, or recommending LASIK and other eye surgery procedures. Our expert optometrist and experienced staff will take the time to answer all of your questions, explain treatment options, and provide the highest quality eye health treatments available.
All Eyes on You, Optometry serves all of your family’s eye care needs under one roof. It will be our pleasure to serve you and we look forward to your next visit. Call us today at (650) 592-1820 to schedule an appointment.
Latest News
Two Common Conditions in Aging Eyes
Have you ever wondered what happens to the visual system as we age? What does the term "second sight" mean? What is presbyopia?  What can be done to prevent aging factors of the eye? What happens in Presbyopia?A common aspect of the aging process is losing the reading vision you had all your life. This is called Presbyopia. Presbyopia is a Latin term which means "old eyes."Before our mid-forties, the natural lens of...
Read More
Blepharitis Basics
Red, itchy, swollen eyelids are often due to a condition called blepharitis. Blepharitis tends to be a chronic condition, and presents with thick eyelid mucous gland production that sticks to the bases of the eyelashes. This adherent mucous can allow bacteria to overgrow and also attract and retain allergens. The standard treatment for blepharitis is doing warm compresses and cleaning off the eyelids with a mild...
Read More
Read All
Our Featured Videos
Take a moment to watch the following videos featuring our latest eye health tips, products, and office technology! We welcome you to visit our digital education library as well, which has many more informational videos. If you have questions at any time, be sure to contact us. We'd love to help!
Patients Love Us
Highly recommend Dr Stasko especially those with Lasik mono vision. After 15 yrs without corrective lenses eyes needed help to take strain off "distance" eye. She listened and then knew exactly how to test a few options and "balance" vision to both improve overall AND relieve stress to eye muscles.
Patient Review via
Yelp
Patients Love Us
Both my young kids wear glasses and I'm so glad I have found this place! They are super kid friendly, very knowledgeable and help both my kids feel at ease. I love that I can go in with any issue and they fix the glasses each time as part of their exceptional service.
Patient Review via
Yelp
Patients Love Us
All of the staff were very polite and there were no problems with anything. The optometrist did a thorough exam and explained everything clearly to me. I will recommend this place to anybody who needs glasses or needs to get their eyes checked.
Patient Review via
Yelp
Address & Hours
336 El Camino Real
San Carlos, Ca 94070
(650) 592-1820
Fax: (650) 592-2520
Monday
Closed
Tuesday
8:30 — 5:00pm (Lunch 12:00 - 2:00)
Wednesday
8:30 — 5:00pm (Lunch 1:00 - 2:00)
Thursday
7am — 3:30pm (Lunch 11:00 - 12:00)
Friday
7am — 3:30pm (Lunch 11:00 - 12:00)
Saturday
By Appointment Only
Sunday
Closed
Contact Us by Email
©
2026  | All Eyes on You, Optometry |
336 El Camino Real
| San Carlos, Ca 94070 | Ph:
(650) 592-1820
|
Site Map
|
Email Us
Text and photos provided are the property of
EyeMotion
and cannot be duplicated or moved.