URL: http://www.standardopt.com/about

EMAIL: info@standardopt.com
About Us | Standard Optometry
EN
|
中文
(650) 917-1342
About Us
Services
Products & Promotions
Ortho-K
Insurance
Forms
Contact Us
Request Appointment
About Us
About Us
Standard Optometry was formerly known as Standard Optical, which was owned and run by Mr. Mike Lo. Standard Optical has served the Bay Area in Mountain View at 2500 El Camino Real prior to 2011 for over 17 years.
Dr. Lisa Lo, O.D. (optometrist and daughter of Mr. Lo) is the new owner of Standard Optometry, and the practice is now able to offer eye examinations, orthokeratology & contact lens fittings, and all other primary eye care services to patients. As of August 3, 2021, we will have moved from our Los Altos location to 4153 El Camino Way, Ste A, Palo Alto, CA 94306.
We thank all our customers for their patronage over the years, and hope they continue to come back for the quality service and care that we provide.
Our Doctor
Dr. Lisa Lo, O.D. was born in Taiwan and moved to live in Walnut Creek in the East Bay since the age of 3. For her undergraduate studies, Dr. Lo attended the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and obtained a bachelor’s degree in Biology and minored in Classical Civilizations. During her time at UCLA, she began pursuing her interest in optometry by joining and becoming vice president of UCLA’s Pre-Optometry Society, participating in research at the Jules Stein Eye Institute regarding glaucoma, and volunteering at practices in the Los Angeles area.
She then went on to complete her doctor of optometry degree at the prestigious State University of New York (SUNY) College of Optometry in New York City. Dr. Lo has received extensive training prior to being conferred her degree in optometry. She has examined patients within the University Eye Clinic at SUNY, which provided her with the opportunity to serve a diverse population of patients and to gain experience in pediatric vision, vision therapy, and ocular disease. Dr. Lo also spent time during her training at the Southern Arizona Veteran’s Affairs Hospital in Tucson, Arizona.
Dr. Lo loves to travel and has been fortunate enough to have been to Greece, Great Britain, Ireland, Japan, China, Bermuda and the islands of the Bahamas.
She is excited for the opportunity to take over her father’s, Mike Lo, prior optical store (Standard Optical) and transform it into a professional optometry practice that offers the great quality of service and care in which it has been known for. Dr. Lo looks forward to taking care of you and your family’s eye health and sight for years to come!
Dr. Lo is affiliated with:
American Optometric Association
California Optometric Association
Santa Clara County Optometry Association
Visit Us
4153 El Camino Way, Ste A
Palo Alto, CA 94306
Contact Us
650.917.1342
info@standardopt.com
Find us on
©2026 Standard Optometry