URL: https://doctors.eyeexamsnow.com/optometrists/ca/los-angeles/8471-beverly-blvd.html?cid=yext_odLCOD1320-110000087&y_source=1_MjQwNTU2My01NTMtbG9jYXRpb24ud2Vic2l0ZQ%3D%3D

PHONE: +13103608218
Beverly Plaza Optometric Center provider of Eyexam of CA | Trusted Eye Doctors in Los Angeles, CA
All locations
/
CA
/
Los Angeles
/
8471 Beverly Blvd
Beverly Plaza Optometric Center provider of Eyexam of CA
Independent Doctor of Optometry
Los Angeles
,
CA
Beverly Plaza Optometric Center inside LensCrafters is the premier doctor's office in the Los Angeles area for all of your vision care needs.  Dr. Barber and her Associates are committed to providing the best and most customized eye care experience using state-of-the-art technology and patient-friendly terminology to explain our findings. We provide contact lens fittings, the treatment and management of eye disease including dry eyes, eye infections, annual eye exams and more. Here at Beverly Plaza Optometric Center, we are excited for the opportunity to provide individualized vision care to you and your family.  We hope to see you soon!
Schedule an Appointment
Take advantage of your health benefits today!
Don't hesitate to schedule your comprehensive eye exam with us today - please see some convenient times that may work for you. We look forward to seeing you.
Upcoming Eye Exam Appointments
And more appointments available
for you and your family
Schedule Now
Or call
(310) 360-8218
Details
More
Details
Eye Care
Book an eye exam online at Beverly Plaza Optometric Center provider of Eyexam of CA in Los Angeles, CA. We offer real-time availability, and comprehensive eye exams for your eye care needs.
Digital Retinal Imaging
Walk-in Exams
Same Day Exams
Computer Vision
Contact Lens Fittings
Contact Lens Exams
Online Scheduling
Pediatrics - Min Age = 5
Exam Fees
Experience comprehensive eye care services at our Los Angeles, CA office. Whether you need a routine eye exam or specialized contact lens support, our experienced Doctors are here to assist.
Eye Exam Starting Fee $84.95
Contact Lens Starting Fee $139.95 Includes Fitting Fee,Includes Eyeglass Exam
Retinal Imaging Fee $39.00
Dilation Fee $15.00
Call
Please call to see if your insurance plan covers partial or full exam fees.
Vision
We accept most major vision insurance plans so you can access the eye care you need. Contact us to confirm your coverage help you maximize your vision benefits.
EyeMed
AAA/AARP
Aetna
Anthem Blue Cross of CA
Anthem Blue View
Cedars
MES
Superior Vision
Languages Spoken
Beverly Plaza Optometric Center provider of Eyexam of CA is committed to personalized service and clear communication during your eye exam.
English
Payment Types
We make your eye care experience convenient by accepting a wide range of payment options.
Visa
Mastercard
Discover
American Express
ApplePay
Care Card
Cash
Check
Location
Visit Us
8471 Beverly Blvd
Ste 105
Los Angeles
,
CA
90048
Get Directions
Phone:
(310) 360-8218
Phone:
(310) 360-8218
Schedule an Appointment
Take advantage of your health benefits today!
Don't hesitate to schedule your comprehensive eye exam with us today - please see some convenient times that may work for you. We look forward to seeing you.
Book an eye exam
for you and your family
Schedule Now
Schedule an eye exam for you