URL: http://newcanaaneye.com/about

New Canaan Eye Associates |   About
203.966.9480
Home
About
Services
Contact Us
Home
About
Services
Contact Us
About
1948
Dr. Rick's Father in Law Dr. Ed ``Doc`` Sawicky launches his downtown New Canaan Optometry Practice
1984
Dr. Rick joins his Father in Law at his New Canaan Practice.
1986
The Practice moves from Elm Street to its current East Avenue location.
2025
Forty wonderful years at 22 East Avenue. Thank you New Canaan!
Our Staff
Dr. Rick Crolla
Owner
Dr. Rick Crolla has been in private practice at New Canaan Eye since 1984. He completed a B.A. in Biology from Central Connecticut State University, a B.S. in Pharmacy from Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and is a Registered Pharmacist. Dr. Crolla received his Doctor of Optometry from New England College of Optometry in Boston where he interned at the VA Hospital in Providence and Cotting School for special needs children in Boston. Dr. Crolla completed a post graduate fellowship in primary eyecare at New England College of Optometry where he was responsible for the clinical supervision of optometry students and interns as well as lecturer in both general and ocular pharmacology. He has published and lectured extensively throughout New York and New England. Dr. Crolla received a post doctoral certification in advanced therapeutic eyecare and Diplomat Certification in Glaucoma from the State University of New York College of Optometry. He has served as a past advisory board member of the TLC Laser Center in White Plains. Locally, Dr. Crolla is past President of both the New Canaan Lions and Kiwanis Club, and is a member of the New Canaan Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Rick Crolla resides in New Canaan with his wife Barbara and pups Macie and Morgan.
Bob Greene
Optician
Bob has managed the eyeglass dispensary at New Canaan Eye since 2002. He has been in the optical industry for over 30 years and has worked in all facets of optometric practice including dispensing optician, lab technician and lab manager. He is a wealth of knowledge when it comes to choosing appropriate lens/frame options. Bob is also the expert to speak to if you have any questions regarding vision care coverage with plans such as VSP.
Alex Argueta
Office Manager
Alex has been our office manager since 2007 and brings over two decades of experience in medical office management and insurance reimbursement. She is our insurance specialist and will help you understand your plan benefits whether it is a vision carve out plan such as VSP, or medical insurance coverage through Medicare, Aetna, Cigna, and Blue Cross Blue Shield. Alex is also the contact lens tech and has trained hundreds of patients both young and old on proper care of contact lenses. Her goal is to make sure patients feel they have had a pleasant and positive experience.
Sandy Hyde
Assistant
Sandy who has been at New Canaan Eye since 2009, has over a two decades of experience in the ophthalmic field. Sandy is responsible for day to day operations involving office management as well frame stylist.
Elve Gontzes
Assistant
Elve has been a team player at New Canaan Eye since 2020. She is responsible for day to day operations and front office management.
Contact Us
New Canaan Eye Associates • 22 East Avenue • New Canaan, CT 06840
203-966-9480 (phone) • 203-966-0326 (fax)
COPYRIGHT © 2019 DR. RICK CROLLA
Website by
AK Design House