URL: https://www.bheyes.com/contact-us

LINKEDIN: https://www.linkedin.com/company/beverly-hills-eye-associates/
PHONE: +13102749205
EMAIL: frontoffice@bheyes.com
Refractive Cataract Surgery and Cataract Surgery in Beverly Hills, CA
Call us:
(310) 274-9205
request an appointment
Home
Doctors
Peter J. Cornell, M.D. Refractive Surgeon
Narine Azarian, O.D. Optometrist
Kevin Nguyen, O.D. Optometrist
Cindy Chau, O.D. Optometrist
lasik / Laser Vision
Lasik & Laser Vision Correction
All laser LASIK WF Optimized
PRK WF Optimized
Lasik Self Test
FAQ's
Cataracts
Refractive Cataract Surgery with Premium Implant Lenses
IOL Options
Femtosecond Laser
Laser Cataract Surgery vs Traditional
iStent Trabecular Micro-Bypass Stent
Our Surgical Center
Premium IOL Options
Crystalens® IOL
Trulign® IOL
Tecnis Symfony® IOL
Toric IOL
Optical
Anti-glare Treatment
Computer Lenses
i.Profiler plus®
Contact Lenses
Hard to Fit Contacts
EyePrint
Resources
Patient Registration and History Forms
Consent for Examination and Treatment of Minors
Patient Education
Contact
Home
»
Contact
Contact
Address:
450 N Bedford Dr #101, Beverly Hills CA 90210
E-Mail Addresses:
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Call:
(310) 274-9205 for more information
Make An Appointment:
Please call (310) 274-9205 or use our convenient Request an Appointment form to make an appointment for routine eye care, refractive cataract surgery, cataract surgery, or any other vision care problem. If you are interested in laser vision correction (LASIK/PRK), please contact us to schedule your free screening examination. We look forward to seeing you! We welcome patients from Beverly Hills, Los Angeles, West Hollywood, Culver City, Santa Monica and neighboring communities.
Cataracts
Cataract Surgery
Refractive Cataract Surgery
Femtosecond Laser
iStent Trabecular Micro-Bypass Stent Goniotomy
lasik / Laser Vision
Lasik & Laser Vision Correction
Lasik Self Test
FAQ's
Call us: (310) 274-9205
testimonials
IT WAS PERFECT! Three simple words that sum up the outcome of a remarkable experience. From the moment I was prepped for cataract surgery in November, from the time I was measured and examined by your wonderful staff, and from my first meeting with you, I knew I was in excellent hands from the surgical procedure you were going to perform on my eyes.
~ Vin Scully
As human beings, we greatly appreciate our sense of sight. Having eyes to see is such a blessing, and if there is ever a problem with our eyes, we want the best eye doctor we can find.  I have found my best eye doctor, and his name is Doctor Peter J. Cornell.  I have just had two cataracts removed and two new lenses implanted, and now haziness is gone and focus is back fully.
~ David Lynch
Is cataract surgery just a routine operation these days? I needed cataract surgery and Peter Cornell was very highly recommended, so I went to him. Modern technology has made this surgery almost routine, but eyes are highly individual, so be careful! Careful I was in choosing Dr. Cornell, and careful he was in treating my case.
~ Barry Barish
Read more testimonials
Contact Us
450 North Bedford Dr. Suite 101,
Beverly Hills,
CA
90210
Phone
(310) 274-9205,
Fax
(310) 274-7229
frontoffice@bheyes.com
Map and driving directions
Home
lasik / Laser Vision
Cataracts
Optical
Resources
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact
Call us:
(310) 274-9205
request an appointment
Beverly Hills Eye Associates is an ophthalmology practice specializing in cataract surgery, refractive cataract surgery and laser-assisted cataract surgery, LASIK, dry eyes, keratoconus, blurry vision and burning eyes. Located at 450 N Bedford Dr #101, Beverly Hills CA 90210, the practice serves people over 12 years old from Beverly Hills, Los Angeles, West Hollywood, Culver City, Santa Monica and in fact from all around the world. Call (310) 274-9205 for more information.
Copyright © 2026 Beverly Hill Eye Associates. All rights reserved.
-