URL: http://www.naplesoptical.com

Naples Optical
Naples Optical -
Downtown Naples : 239 263-6677
Near the Vineyards : 239 353-8794
CONTACT US
Toggle menu
Naples Optical Center
Naples Optical Too
Get the vision
that
you deserve
Get the vision
that
you deserve
Homepage Main
Select Your Location
NAPLES OPTICAL CENTER
(DOWNTOWN NAPLES)
(239) 263-6677
728 Tamiami Trail North
Naples, Florida 34102
NAPLES OPTICAL TOO
(NEAR THE VINEYARDS)
(239) 353-8794
5959 Pine Ridge Road
Naples, Florida 34119
BY INDEPENDENT DOCTORS OF OPTOMETRY
EYE EXAMS
Each of our Naples locations offers comprehensive eye evaluations from Independent Doctors of Optometry. Comprehensive eye evaluations are vital to ensuring the correct prescription, identifying potential problems or diseases, and offering a range of options for your comfort and lifestyle.
Naples Optical Center
Monday
9am-5pm
Tuesday
9am-5pm
Wednesday
9am-5pm
Thursday
9am-5pm
Friday
9am-5pm
Saturday
9am-3pm
Sunday
CLOSED
SERVICES
Full Eye-Care Consultation
Call to schedule a full eye care consultation with our Independent Doctor of Optometry.
Free-Form Lens Technology
The newest lens technology in the industry. These lenses are digitally surfaced using both the front and back surfaces of the lenses. Most clients compare it to seeing in high definition.
Repairs
We have the skill, tools and knowledge to do most repairs. Including a solder machine. If your glasses are broken, we will exhaust all options to get them back on your face with limited costs to you.
Free Adjustments
We invite you to come in and have any of your glasses adjusted at no charge.
Contact Lenses
We can order most of the brands, remember you will need a signed prescription to order contacts.
Custom Lens Shapes/Drill Mount Frame
We have the ability to customize shapes and sizes of glasses. If others have told you “no”, come in and see us!
Wrap Sunglasses
With today’s free form technology, we are able to cut most prescriptions into wrapped frames. The technology allows for clear vision from edge to edge in your wrap frames!
Authentic Programs
If you are an Oakley or Maui Jim wearer, no problem! We are an authorized dealer for both! We can have your prescription made into your favorite sunglasses.
Overview of Services
Simply put, we do not like to say no! Whether it is a simple repair or styling you in several pairs of glasses, we truly care about helping people see! Our goal is to exceed your expectations every time you visit Spectacles.
New Services
Our Independent Dr. of Optometry has recently invested in a
Woodlyn Ultra vision screen
. The days of using a projector to display a snell chart on the wall are over! The Ultra Vision screen is a digital flat screen which allows the doctor to change charts, display pictures of the eye and educate his patients all in high definition
Get More Information!
or Call 239 263-6677
Testimonials
What our patients are saying
Wonderful people. Great service. Good prices. Nice selection of glasses. My wife got a great pair of glasses and I got two pair of glasses, as well. No fuss and they were ready in a jiffy.
Carl Neubacker
This is a top-notch operation, with an excellent optometrist, high end frames, the latest in lens technology, and friendly, personal attention to the client. A 100% positive experience.
Beth Bonner
The staff is undeniably the kindest, most helpful and professional people in this business. Their genuine concern for your eye health and satisfaction is more than just a service; it is an extension of the goodness they carry within their hearts for people...not just patients. The team effort guarantees you will not only see better, but you will leave with a smile that they have given you. Top Honors for Dr. W, Robin and the sales team! 🙂
Margo Fuoco
OUR BRANDS
Our Staff
Rick Radunz
Owner/Licensed Optician
Dr. Matthew Walsh
David Seils
Licensed Optician
If you Have Any Questions Schedule an Appointment
Or Call Us
At one of our locations.
Downtown Naples : 239 263-6677
Near the Vineyards : 239 353-8794
Make An Appointment
Copyright © 2026 Naples Optical. All rights reserved.