URL: https://www.bettervision.net

LINKEDIN: https://www.linkedin.com/company/frantz-eyecare
PHONE: 12394180999
PHONE: +12394180999
LASIK Fort Myers | Cataract Surgery Fort Myers | LASIK Naples
Skip to main menu
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
239-418-0999
Services
Cataracts
Laser Cataract Surgery
Intraocular Lens Implants
ORA System with VerifEYE
Laser Vision Correction
Laser Vision Correction
KLex/SMILE
EVO ICL
PRK Vision Correction
RLE (Refractive Lens Exchange)
Retina
Macular Degeneration
Diabetic Eye Care
Retinal Tear or Detachment
Flashes and Floaters
Uveitis
Glaucoma
Open-Angle Glaucoma
Angle-Closure Glaucoma
Congenital Glaucoma
Secondary Glaucoma
Cornea
Keratoconus
Pterygium
Corneal Ulcers
Transplants
Orthokeratology “Ortho-K”
Dry Eye
What is Dry Eye?
Lacrimal Disorders
Blepharitis
Treatment Options
Cosmetic
Eyelid Surgery
Plastic Surgery
MedSpa/BOTOX
Promotions
Optical
Designer Eyewear
Contact Lenses
Our Doctors
Get to Know Our Doctors
About Us
Testimonials
Patient Reviews
Suncoast Surgery Center
Surgery Center FAQs & Pricing Transparency
Naples Suncoast Surgery Center
Naples Suncoast Surgery Center FAQs
Best of Southwest Florida
Blog
Careers
Eyecare Resources
Charities We Love
Financial
Pay My Bill Online
CareCredit Financing
Insurance Plans
Good Faith Estimate
Patient Resources
Patient Registration
Physician Referrals
Locations
Fort Myers
Cape Coral
Naples
North Naples
Lehigh Acres
Punta Gorda
South Naples
Contact
Accommodations
Privacy Policy
Schedule Now
Better Vision
Better Life
Physician Led
Total Eye Care
Find out why Frantz EyeCare
is the premier choice for eye care in Southwest Florida
Experience
Trust your vision to the best! With over 35 years of experience and more than 75,000 successful surgeries, Dr. Frantz is Florida's leading Bladeless Laser Cataract and LASIK Surgeon. Don't settle for less than the best when it comes to your eyes. Choose Dr. Frantz and his team of specialists for unparalleled expertise and exceptional results.
Ophthalmology Credibility
Dr. Frantz is a board-certified physician and a proud member of the American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery and the American Academy of Ophthalmology. His expertise, professionalism, and dedication have been recognized with the Best of Fort Myers and Best of Naples awards every year since 2018.
State of The Art Technology
We utilize only the best technology and offer the latest advancements to our patients in Southwest Florida. Dr. Frantz was the first to implant the PanOptix
Ⓡ
IOL in the area, and Frantz EyeCare is one of the select few practices in Florida offering SMILE Laser Vision Correction Surgery. Experience the exclusivity of our advanced treatments.
At Frantz EyeCare, we're confident we're the right choice for your eye care needs.
So why wait?
Book your consultation
to begin your journey to your best eye health.
The doctor/patient relationship begins with an eye exam, so when selecting an eye care practice, your decision cannot just be about what you see. You deserve quality eye care from physicians who can naturally combine skilled expertise with compassion for the individual that they are caring for. At Frantz EyeCare, we take patient care very seriously and are confident that our practice is the right choice for your vision.
The purpose of our website is to offer an in-depth ophthalmology resource that provides ground-floor education on a variety of eye-related topics. Whether you are looking for information on Cataract surgery, Laser Vision Correction, or any eye disease treatment or comprehensive care, we guarantee you'll find the answers you're looking for. Our Laser Vision Correction surgery options are designed to deliver significant vision improvement, and we are confident that our specialists will provide you with exceptional care. We invite you to call our office at 239-418-0999 to schedule your FREE LASIK screening and discover if LASIK is the right choice for you.
Frantz EyeCare offers top-notch Cataract Surgery options like Bladeless Laser Cataract Surgery, which can effectively treat vision impairments caused by cataracts. Lens Enhancement options are available with cataract surgery which provide patients with better vision at multiple focal points. Additionally, we have an oculofacial/cosmetic surgery and aesthetics team who provide services to help you look and feel your best.
Our Total Eye Care approach and dedication to quality patient outcomes in Southwest Florida for over 30 years continues to set Frantz EyeCare apart as the leading physician-led eye practice in Southwest Florida!
Jonathan M. Frantz, MD, FACS
Take Our Online Cataract Self-Test
Take Our Online LASIK Self Test
Try Our LASIK Savings Calculator
Cosmetic Services
Fort Myers Cataract & LASIK Surgeon
Dr. Jonathan Frantz
Dr. Jonathan Frantz utilizes the latest bladeless laser cataract and laser vision correction procedures, including our state-of-the-art LenSx® and WaveLight® technologies, which give specifically tailored solutions for each individual patient's eye structure.
Whether it's cataract treatment, laser vision correction or any other vision need, we devote every day to providing exceptional quality eye care to patients throughout the Southwest Florida area and beyond. We are ready to serve you in one of our conveniently located offices in Fort Myers, Naples, Cape Coral, Lehigh Acres, or Punta Gorda.
learn more
Making it Convenient for
Our Patients
We know that everyone is concerned about managing expenses these days, so you'll be pleased to know that we offer flexible payment options for your eye care procedures.
We look forward to connecting with you online, on the phone or in person. We genuinely welcome your calls, even if they're just to ask us questions about a particular vision concern. You can reach us at
239-418-0999
.
If you are ready to make an appointment, you can either call
239-418-0999
or
click here to schedule your appointment online
. You can also save time during your first visit by
completing your registration
in advance.
Cataract Patient Recommends
Dr. Jonathan Frantz
Our Services
Cataract
Laser Vision Correction
Retina
Glaucoma
Cornea
Dry Eye
Cosmetic
Optical
LASIK Benefits
Are you tired of constantly reaching for your glasses or dealing with the hassle of contacts?
LASIK Eye Surgery could be the solution you've been looking for! Not only can it help improve your vision dramatically, but it can also save you a lot of money in the long run. We estimate that patients save over $10,000 on glasses and contacts over their lifetime after getting LASIK. Plus, 99% of patients see 20/40 or better after the procedure!
LASIK can correct a range of eye conditions, such as nearsightedness, farsightedness, astigmatism, and presbyopia. Since its FDA approval in 1999, LASIK has helped over 16 million people in the U.S. and 25 million worldwide. It's even trusted by NASA for their astronauts and the U.S. Military for servicemen and women.
If you're curious about LASIK, please check out our LASIK page for more information on financing options and to find out if you're a good candidate for the procedure. With a 90% chance of achieving 20/20 vision in patients without correction, LASIK can truly change your life.
So, why wait?
Contact us today to learn more!
Our Blog
3 Reasons LASIK Is Worth It
Do you get tired of wearing your contacts or glasses every day? While glasses can be stylish and contacts are helpful, they have downsides.  You must always remember to bring and maintain them, and the cost can add up over time. If you’re looking for a long-lasting treatment for vision issues, LASIK could be right…
Read More
What Causes Cataracts?
Has your vision become cloudy with age? Cataracts are a common eye problem that impacts millions of Americans, particularly those over the age of sixty-five. Cataracts worsen with time, making it increasingly difficult to perform your everyday tasks. But what exactly causes cataracts, and what can you do if you have them? Keep reading to…
Read More
What is KLex/SMILE Eye Surgery?
When you have vision problems, daily frustrations are commonplace. Knowing that many people live without clear eyesight doesn’t make it any less difficult when you’re the one struggling. You may use contacts or eyeglasses in your daily life. These vision aids are practical and allow many people to function, but they have downsides. You must…
Read More
©2026 |
Privacy Policy
| All Rights Reserved. Designed by
Glacial Multimedia
©
If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call
239.418.0999
.
Accessibility
||
Website Disclaimer
||
Facts About Frantz EyeCare
The material contained on this site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health care provider.
Fort Myers
Cape Coral
Naples
Lehigh Acres
Punta Gorda
North Naples
South Naples
Home
About Us
Patient Information
Media Center
Locations
Contact Us
Blog
LASIK Vision
Cataract Surgery
Cosmetic Procedures
Eyecare Services
Optical
Dry Eye
Notice of Privacy
Nondiscrimination Policy
Financing
Careers
Back to Top
⇧