URL: http://divadivineboutique.com/about

PHONE: +14805852570
About Diva Divine Boutique - Scottsdale, AZ Diva Divine Boutique
North Scottsdale Women's Boutique
"A store for her!"
Cart
About
Location and Contact
Brands
Gift Cards
Cart
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
About
A Unique, Up-To-Date, Helpful and Friendly Scottsdale Boutique
At Diva Divine Boutique we look forward to helping you find exactly what you’re looking for… and even some things you didn’t know you wanted!
Diva Divine Boutique, located in Scottsdale, Arizona, specializes in carrying the most dynamic styles in women’s clothing, accessories and gifts, and offering one on one help making every customer feel like they are being pampered and taken care of. This is why Diva Divine has been a Scottsdale favorite for over 25 years. The store is constantly being filled with new treasures and styles that are always one step ahead of the trends. Diva Divine Boutique has its own charm, which means you’re sure to find something special and unique every time you shop.
Come see the difference for yourself by shopping small and local at Diva Divine Boutique! You will experience the best personal service and selection in town!
To see our latest arrivals and participate in special offers and promotions, please visit our Social Media pages!
25 Years Strong in Scottsdale
Diva Divine is the perfect place to find that something special!
Long before Scottsdale grew into the bustling city it now is, Diva Divine opened its doors at “The Pinnacle of Scottsdale.” With hopes of reshaping the typical shopping experience for women, Diva Divine has worked to create a true shopping experience without having to venture to a cold, overwhelming, and impersonal shopping mall.
What our clients love about our store is the one on one help we provide every customer. The moment you walk through our doors, we take the time to get to know you, your style, and what you’re looking for. We can help you pick out items to try on, a gift for the hard to buy for friend, or even help you reinvent your current look. We carry all of the latest and most popular brands, with an ever-changing stock that keeps us as up-to-date as possible. We also feature classic brands and styles, so you always know where to find your favorite shirt, if you’d like to buy in a different color next time.
Following the spirit of relaxed and sunny Scottsdale, AZ., Diva Divine has emerged as an authentic alternative to the fast paced retail world of malls and faceless crowds.
Since our inception, Diva Divine has served to inspire the fashionista in each of us. Along the way, it has cultivated a strong and loyal following from in-the-know locals and well-traveled tourists.
Diva Divine is recognized as one of the “best places to buy something special for her” in Arizona.
Meet Our Team (Family)
Meet Greg and Cathy Roth and their daughter, Angela Hancock
At Diva Divine you have an incredible opportunity to shop at a family owned business. Cathy, Angela and Greg are a wonderful, warm, and welcoming family team. They make your shopping experience a fun one!
They opened their first store in the Scottsdale Pavilions in 1986. In 1995 they moved to The Pinnacle of Scottsdale with a body care and gifts store (“Lotions and Potions”). Since then they have transitioned to focus more on carrying apparel, jewelry and accessories, to keep up with the needs of their clientele. Cathy, Angela and Greg are experts, ready to give you a personal shopping experience, right in your own neighborhood.
Like Us On Facebook!
There was an error submitting the form.
Thanks!
Your email was successfully sent. We should be in touch soon.
Send Us A Note
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Your Message
Please leave this field empty.
Hours
Monday - Friday: 10am - 4:00pm
Saturday: 10am - 4:00pm
Sunday: By Appointment Only
Newsletter
Sign up for our newsletter to receive the latest information and special promotions!
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Please leave this field empty.
Contact Us
Phone:
480.585.2570
Email address:
[email protected]
Location
23425 North Scottsdale Road Suite A-1,
Scottsdale, Arizona 85255 (next to Safeway)
Set in the beautiful landscape of the Sonoran Desert, you'll find Diva Divine - one of the most unique boutiques in Scottsdale, Arizona. Visit us today on the northeast corner of Scottsdale Road & Pinnacle Peak Road, right next door to Safeway.
Copyright 2017 | Diva Divine |
Site by Stoke Interactive