URL: http://koenigsegg.com/about

LINKEDIN: https://www.linkedin.com/company/koenigsegg-automotive-ab
About | Koenigsegg
Megacars
Technology
About
History
Dealer locator
Shop
Contact
Careers
Press
Factory tours
About us
Koenigsegg is a Swedish avante-garde megacar and innovative technology company. A record-breaking tradition courses through our history – the result of pushing the boundaries of automotive technology to achieve higher standards in ultimate performance.
A family affair
No compromises
No fear
of failure
Play video
The story of how one man's passion transformed into a worldwide appetite for the ultimate in performance.  This is the story of Koenigsegg told by Christian himself.
An Impossible dream takes shape
After the Chip Player and Click disappointments, and amidst the general boredom of running his import/export company, Christian decided that instead of chasing after the perfect business idea, he would follow his heart. He would build his dream car.
Christian understood that it was virtually impossible and that many had failed before him. But to him, it was a mission: to create the perfect car with no compromises, no limits, and no fear of failure.
It was against this backdrop that a young Christian von Koenigsegg followed a dream and launched his own car company in 1994.
Read the full history
Why we get out of bed in the morning
Each and every Koenigsegg has a premium price, but then each and every Koenigsegg has been painstakingly built by a select group of automotive artisans to the highest possible standards.
At Koenigsegg, we are able to fabricate intricate, hand-made metal and carbon fiber components in our own hi-tech production facilities. We also source specialist components from a network of dedicated suppliers and partners – most of which are based in Sweden.
Explore our technology
Why we get out of bed in the morning
The beginning of it all
All from scratch
”
Innovating
The future
In-house
A quarter century of invention
Christian and Koenigsegg Automotive AB have introduced and patented multiple new technologies over the years. Among them are the ”rocket” catalytic converter, the supercharger response system and a variable geometry turbo system, to name but a few. We've even developed unique ways of using carbon fiber that make the car lighter, stronger and safer.
The Koenigsegg philosophy does not tolerate compromise. Rather, we work with innovation in order to avoid compromise completely. Nothing is impossible. This open-mindedness and dedication are what define Koenigsegg and its cars.
Technology
The home of Koenigsegg
Koenigsegg moved to its present location in Ängelholm, Sweden, in 2003. The building had previously been home to the Swedish Air Force and once housed JAS 39 Gripen fighter jets.
Now refurbished to suit Koenigsegg’s requirements, these facilities provide the perfect infrastructure for building high-tech Hypercars. There is ample room for the composite workshop, engine development and testing, pre- and final assembly, paint shop, research and development facilities, as well as vehicle and parts storage.
It is here, in this state-of-the-art facility in southern Sweden, that Koenigsegg creates a handful of bespoke Hypercars every year.
Explore our history
The home of Koenigsegg
Ängelholm - Sweden
Spirit of Performance
You may have seen the ghost that adorns the rear hood over the engine bay of every Koenigsegg, or you may have seen it on our clothing and jewelry.
But why a ghost?
The reason for this is that Koenigsegg's facility in Ängelholm was previously an air force base, and home to one of Sweden’s most legendary air force squadrons – Johan Röd – the Ghost Squadron. The squadron would take off early in the morning and fly until dusk. People heard the planes flying above the clouds but could never quite see them, earning them their ‘Ghost Squadron’ moniker.
Koenigsegg inherited the Ghost Squadron’s hangars and runway in the early 2000s. The pilots and crew were sad to leave, but happy that a worthy operation took over their fabled site. They offered Koenigsegg their coveted ghost, and asked us to honor the squadron by placing it on each car built at their old facility, just as it appeared on their fighter jets. As time has passed, Koenigsegg drivers, as well as fans, have come to feel very much a part of the Ghost Squadron itself. The Ghost Squadron symbol has never shone brighter, and it is now known around the world as the Spirit of Performance.
Spirit of Performance
The ghost symbol
Interested?
Careers
Stay up to date
The
Show
Must
Go On
Megacars
Technology
About
History
Dealer locator
Shop
Contact
Careers
Press
Factory tours
Copyright © since 1994 – Koenigsegg Automotive AB
Sitemap
Cookie Policy
Legal Links
Investor relations
We use cookies on this website to enhance the experience, for more information read our
privacy policy
.
Allow Cookies