URL: https://www.cohensfashionoptical.com/locations/720-old-country-rd/about-us

LINKEDIN: https://www.linkedin.com/company/cohens-fashion-optical
About Us - Cohen's Fashion Optical
Skip to main content
Book Eye Exam
Homepage
Find a Location
Insurances
Offers
Eyeglasses
Sunglasses
Contact Lenses
About Us
One Vision
Our founder, Jack Cohen, started his journey from humble beginnings selling eyeglasses from a pushcart amongst New York City’s famed Orchard Street merchants in 1927.
Our Journey
Jack had the unique gift of engaging with his customers while providing them with handcrafted eyeglasses at a fair price. Business boomed and the Cohen family outgrew the pushcart operation and established the original Cohen’s Optical retail store located on Orchard Street.
Changing the Face of Eyewear
Jack believed that there was more to eyeglasses than its’ function of vision correction. The Cohen’s family had the foresight to hand-dye frames in vibrant colors and became the first to offer a collection of fashion eyewear in New York City. Cohen’s prospered and moved to its current location at the corner of Orchard & Delancey Street and changed its name to Cohen’s Fashion Optical.
Fashion is Our Middle Name
The Cohen’s name became synonymous with offering the latest fashion frames at the best prices and moved to its current location at the corner of Orchard & Delancey Streets. “Fashion” was added to the Cohen’s Optical marque and fashion became the anchor of the core business name and model.
Seeing the Future
Jack Cohen provided his local community with fashion-forward eyeglasses and helped his clientele to see and look better. Today, we carry the mission forward by providing hundreds of communities with state-of-the-art eye exams, caring staff and on-trend fashion eyewear. Committed to Jack Cohen’s vision, Cohen’s Fashion Optical continues to evolve and operates 100+ stores in seven US states & Puerto Rico and is ranked as one of the top eyewear retailers in the country.
About Cohens
Our History
Offers
Our Locations
Eye Health
Insurance
FSA & HSA Accounts
Group Discounts
Careers
Franchise Opportunities
Products & Services
Schedule an Eye Exam
Eyeglasses
Sunglasses
Contact Lenses
Specialty Lenses
Brands
FAQs
Contact Us
Sign up and get special offers and latest eyecare information!
Email
Sign Up
By signing up, you agree to receive email communications from Cohen’s Fashion Optical.
©2026 All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Accessibility Statement
Notice of Privacy Practices
Copyright & Intellectual Property Notice
reCAPTCHA Privacy Policy
reCAPTCHA Terms of Use