URL: https://sexsitoys.com/contact/about

LINKEDIN: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kelly-ashlen/
LINKEDIN: https://www.linkedin.com/company/sexsi-toys/
About Sexsi Toys | Unveiling Our Passion for Pleasure and Empowerment
Home
Women’s Sex Toys
Lovense Lush 3 Review
Lovense Hush 2 Review
Lovense Gemini Review
Lovense Gravity Review
Scioness Review
Men’s Sex Toys
Kiiroo Keon Review
Lovense Max 2 Review
Violet Myers Fleshlight Review
Esperanza Gomez Fleshlight Review
Savannah Bond Fleshlight Review
Fleshlight Turbo Thrust Review
Best AI Porn Generators 2023
Couples Sex Toys
Best Remote Control Vibrator
LDR Sex Gifts
Lovense Max 2 and Nora
Lovense Games
Lovense Calor vs Max 2
Lovense Long Distance Setup
Brands
Blog
About
About
At
Sexsi Toys
, we’re on a mission to help you
find your perfect sex toy
. Our website is packed with comprehensive reviews and comparisons of the latest and greatest sex toys on the market such as the
Lovense Hush 2
, or the new
Esperanza Gomez Fleshlight
. Our team of expert reviewers are dedicated to providing honest, unbiased opinions to help you make informed decisions. Whether you’re looking to spice up your solo play or enhance your intimate moments with a partner, Sexsi Toys has you covered.
Sexsi Toys Founder
Kelly Ashlen (She/Her)
My name is Kelly. I am the founder & owner of Sexsi Toys. I have a love of travel and exploring. This also helped develop connections in USA to help expand and further develop my business. I enjoy making people feel good about themselves, empowering them to be confident and not afraid to explore their desires while having a great time.
LinkedIn
The Sexsi Toys Team
The small team working extremely hard to provide you with the best place to find sex toys. For more information about our team and content, read our
editorial policy
.
Kimberly Wade (She / Her)
Kimberly has had a colorful life with a passion for exploring new things. This made her perfect for a toy tester role with Sexsi Toys. Kimberly loves promoting sexual wellness, and has a wealth of knowledge around sexual exploration.
Vivian Green (She / Her)
LinkedIn
Vivian is a sexologist, sex educator and advocate for self-care. Her career has involved being a marriage counselor, couples therapist and intimacy specialist.
Dannisha Winston (They / Them)
Dannisha plays a significant role in the community educating people about LGBTQ+ topics. Dannisha has been a crucial part of Sexsi Toys to help strive for a more inclusive environment.
Robert Daniels (He / Him)
Robert Daniels is a professional sex toy tester who loves trying and experimenting with any type of male sex toy. His openness to trying new things has continued to drive his sexual exploration with his lovely fiance.
Affiliate disclaimer:
Please note that Sexsi Toys participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means that we may earn a commission on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. This does not affect the price you pay, and we only recommend products that we believe in and have personally tested. We greatly appreciate your support in helping us keep Sexsi Toys running!
Popular Sex Toy Reviews:
Lovense Lush 3 Review
Lovense Hush 2 Review
Lovense Gravity Review
Kiiroo Keon Review
Popular Articles:
Best Remote Control Vibrator
Best AI Porn Generator
Lovense Life: How to Find Lovense Users
Lovense Games: Guide to Lovense Compatible Games
Sex Toys
Press
Blog
About
Become a Sex Toy Tester
Contact
Editorial Policy
Privacy Policy
Sexsi Toys Brands
Brands owned & operated by Sexsi Toys
© 2023 Sexsi Toys
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
Sexsi Toys Twitter
Sexsi Toys LinkedIn
Sexsi Toys Instagram
Sexsi Toys Pinterest
Sexsi Toys YouTube
Sexsi Toys Podcast
Address: 2900 E 11th St, Los Angeles, California 90023, US
Compare items
Total (
0
)
Compare
0