URL: https://www.provisioncarecenter.com/about-us

PHONE: +13052646991
EMAIL: Info@ProvisionCareCenter.com
About Us | Pro-Vision Care Center
top of page
305.264.6991
Home
About Us
Eyecare
Aesthetics
Gift Card
Contact
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
ABOUT US
Eye Doctor & CEO
​
Dr. Amalfi Blanco, O.D.
is the founder of Pro-Vision Care Center. She is a highly trained Optometrist with extensive experience in comprehensive eye healthcare. As a Primary Eyecare Doctor, her examination includes refractive evaluations, contact lens fittings, detection, management and treatment of many ocular diseases, as well as co-management of pre- and post- surgical conditions.
Dr. Blanco has also specialized on the treatment of Dry Eyes, Myopia Control and Specialty Contact Lenses. Passionate about patient education, she has participated in various local radio programs and currently has a radio show called Pro-Vision on La Nueva 88.3 FM every Friday. She truly enjoys guiding families in the community on the importance of annual eye exams for early detection of visual anomalies and prevention of disease progression. She is a strong
advocate
for education and prevention of Diabetic Retinopathy within the Hispanic community and was recognized as a “Top Optometrist in Florida” in both 2013 and 2014.
​
In 2002, Dr. Blanco earned her Bachelor’s degree in Biology with a minor in Psychology from Nova Southeastern University. She went on to complete a Bachelor of Visual Science and, in 2006, her Doctor of Optometry degree at the Nova Southeastern University College of Optometry.
Dr. Blanco holds national, Georgia and Florida state license as an Optometric Physician.  She is fluent in English and Spanish.
In addition, she is certified and trained as a provider of eye related aesthetic services, offering patients a holistic approach that combines visual health, cosmetics and overall well-being.
Your Vision is our Mission; Your Confidence is Our Passion.
Esthetician
Leonor Páez
is a Licensed Esthetician with a degree in Aesthetics and extensive experience in professional skincare. She graduated in the United States and currently works in Miami, FL, where she helps clients feel more confident in themselves through personalized, effective, and safe treatments.
Her passion for aesthetics stems from a deep interest in holistic well-being and the power of well-cared-for skin—bringing together beauty, health, and personal confidence.Leonor believes that aesthetics go far beyond the superficial. She combines traditional techniques with advanced treatments, specializing in deep facial cleansing with extractions, which includes:
Exfoliation
Phototherapy
High Frequency
Microdermabrasion
Specialty Masks
Other treatments tailored to each skin type
Every treatment she performs is customized—because no two skin types are the same. Leonor also incorporates cutting-edge technology and modern equipment to restore and enhance skin texture, working with:
EXION (Top-Notch Microneedling and Targeted Ultrasound)
TRILIFT (Dynamic Muscle Stimulation, RF and Microneedling)
OPTILIGHT (IPL using filters to treat Dry Eyes and improve different skin and vascular conditions)
Her commitment is to provide personalized care in a warm, professional, and trustworthy environment where clients can relax and experience real results.
Leonor is passionate about guiding others on their journey to healthier, more radiant, and rejuvenated skin. Her mission is for every client to feel great, look better, enjoying a safe, customized, and effective skincare experience. She invites you to discover a space dedicated to care and wellness—where your skin takes center stage.
Hours
Monday - Friday  10 am - 6 pm
Saturdays - By Appointment Only
Sunday - Closed
Contact Us
920 SW 67 AVE
MIAMI, FL 33144
(305) 264-6991
Info@ProvisionCareCenter.com
First Name
Last Name
Email
Message
Thanks for submitting!
Send
WE TAKE ALL VISION PLANS, CREDIT CARE, CHERRY, ALPHAEON
© 2035 by Pro-Vision Care Center
bottom of page