URL: https://www.provisioncarecenter.com

PHONE: +13052646991
EMAIL: Info@ProvisionCareCenter.com
PRO-VISION Advanced Eye Care & Aesthetics | Eye Exams, Optometry & Vision Wellness in Miami
top of page
305.264.6991
Home
About Us
Eyecare
Aesthetics
Gift Card
Contact
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
SEE better      LOOK better
.
About Section
Welcome to
PRO-VISION Advanced Eye Care & Aesthetics
The place where ocular health and
aesthetics
meet to help you see and look better. Our goal is to focus on personalized attention and tailored
treatments
, in order to boost our patient's eyesight, comfort and overall confidence.
Your Vision is our Mission; Your Confidence is Our Passion.
At Pro-Vision,
we are experts in comprehensive eye exams
and other specialized eye services, offering a more accurate approach to eye care. We strive to use the most advanced and effective technology and products on the market to target all of your vision needs.
​
Our care philosophy is simple: personalized, proactive, and precise. From advanced vision correction to our soothing
Dry Eye Spa and aesthetic eye treatments
, every service is designed to support lifelong eye health, performance and appearance.
Also, as a bonus to our patients we have partnered with a
certified and experienced skin specialist
in order to provide not only a refreshed, rejuvenated and radiant look to your eyes, but to your face.​ Using traditional esthetic protoc0ls and advanced medical technology we are able to scale your eyecare services into a holistic approach that allow us to help you
SEE, LOOK and FEEL
your best.
Our cosmetic treatments are safe, immediate, painless, and require no recovery time. We appreciate the trust of our patients and strive to care for them in the best possible way.
​
​
EYECARE
Primary Eye Care
Ocular Emergency
Diabetic Eye Exam
​Retinal Wellness Screening
Advanced Dry Eye Clinic
(
Optilight)
Droopy Lid Treatment (Upneeq, Trilift)
Non-surgical Lid Treatments
Specialty Contact Lenses
Myopia Control
Ortho-Keratology
Full Optical
Contact Lenses
NEUROLENS
AVULUX (Migraine Glasses)
STELLEST
VISIT PAGE
AESTHETICS
Deep Facials
Exfoliation
Chemical Peels
Microdermabrasion
Red Light Therapy
High Frequency Treatment
Anti-Aging Masks
Micro-infusion
Exosomes
PRP treatments
Capillary Treatments
Radiofrequency
Targeted Ultrasound​
EXION
OPTILIGHT IPL
TRILIFT
VISIT PAGE
My parents and I see Dr. Blanco for our eye exams. We travel from out of state to see her.
We wouldn’t trust another optometrist. Dr. Blanco is very honest, caring and knowledgeable. The office is clean and it has state of the art equipment. You can rest assure you will receive exceptional care at Pro-Vision Care Center.
Katherine Demoulis
100% recommended
The atmosphere, the staff, the doctor, the service, and everything in general made me feel safe and comfortable.
Karen Martinez
This eye center isn't just great, they are a blessing! Dr Blanco helped me with an uncommon eye issue that other clinics couldn't help me with. Not only did she solve it, but she was very kind, patient and helpful in the process
Johnny Helmberger
I have been coming here since I was a child and I love the attention and care the staff gives. Doctor Blanco is very knowledgable in eye care and always helps me leave the office very satisfied with my eye care
Mishelle Ramos
Great customer care as soon as you enter! Very helpful and knowledgeable staff. Large selection of frames and styles available. Dr. Amalfi is fantastic and the one on one patient consultation was very thorough and I was completely satisfied. 100% recommended!
HM
Very professional and super helpful explaining everything in detail , for sure I will see her again and I highly recommend her and she has an excellent staff which is very important,
💯stars for her and her staff
Rosendo Dorrego
20% PROMO
ALL AESTHETIC  PACKAGES
Hours
Monday - Friday  10 am - 6 pm
Saturdays - By Appointment Only
Sunday - Closed
Contact Us
920 SW 67 AVE
MIAMI, FL 33144
(305) 264-6991
Info@ProvisionCareCenter.com
First Name
Last Name
Email
Message
Thanks for submitting!
Send
WE TAKE ALL VISION PLANS, CREDIT CARE, CHERRY, ALPHAEON
© 2035 by Pro-Vision Care Center
bottom of page