URL: http://www.hillcrestoptical.com

EMAIL: lisa@hillcrestoptical.com
Home - Hillcrest Optical
619-298-3586
lisa@hillcrestoptical.com
Home
About
Testimonials
Blog
Gift Certificates
Contact
Select Page
Walk-in customers are welcome!
SUPPORT LOCAL SMALL BUSINESS
Walk-in to browse or call 619-298-3586 to schedule time with our experienced optician.
SCHEDULE  APPOINTMENT
BUY GIFT CERTIFICATES
Hillcrest Optical is Independently Owned and Operated.
Our experienced optician will help you choose the best eye wear for your prescription and comfort.
$
What We Do
Assist you in making the selection process enjoyable with the best Frame selection from Independent designs and makers from around the world. Express your own style and individual sensibility (from classic to artsy, funky, hipster to sophisticated & glamorous).
Selecting the best Lens design for your prescription. Having choice with guidance from experienced informed optician. We use quality precise cutting edge technologies in all our optical lenses and treatments with the best warranty’s available.
$
Services
All lenses are not created equal: Material choice and lens design create the best (or worst) optical experience for your prescription. We offer the classic standard lenses in single vision, bifocal, trifocal as well as the new technologies in free form digital surfaced single vision, progressives even bifocal lenses which provide stable distortion free vision for even the most complex and challenging prescriptions.
We look forward to seeing you soon!
Please call or
email
to schedule your appointment.
Hillcrest Optical has a Large Selection of Independent Eyewear Collections
See What Our Happy Loyal Customers Say
Read more testimonials
What a great place!!  Stopped in for a quick fix on my old shades and am going to come back for new ones! Great selection and the service is worth the time.  Lisa is awesome!!
Scott C
San Diego, CA
Lisa was able to help me narrow 8 pair of eyeglasses down to the one pair which I absolutely LOVE!
Pricilla M
San Diego, CA
Lisa did a perfect placement of my progressive RX in my frame. Her price is very reasonable.
You will be delighted with Hillcrest Optical.
Ellen L
San Diego, CA
I found the perfect glasses. Hillcrest Optical is a great shop with a huge selection of frames. Lisa is so friendly and stayed late when my glasses came in to adjust them to make sure I was happy with them. Very friendly and fast service.
Miss AK Fam
San Diego, CA
Looking for Something?
Home
About
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Gift Certificates
Hours By Appointment:
Sunday & Monday – Closed
Tuesday – Friday – 10:00 – 5:00pm
Saturday – 10:00 – 3:00pm
Follow us on Facebook
Location:
420 Thorn Street,
San Diego CA 92103
Phone: 619-298-3586
Schedule Appointment
Copyright HillcrestOptical.com 2026