URL: http://www.premiereyedoctor.com/about

Premier Eye Center: Optometrist in Plantation, Boca Raton, FL
Accessibility
RESET
Grayscale
Invert
Contrast
Underlines
Highlights
About us
For patients
Pay Your Bill Online
Services
Shop
Contact
Give us a call
Book an appointment
About Premier Eye Center
About Premier Eye Center
About Premier Eye Center
Since 2010
Plantation Eye Center was purchased in 2010 by Dr. Steve T. Bussa and it has been our ongoing goal to make our practices the pinnacle of eye care in the south Florida area and offer the highest quality high-end frames and lens materials along with the best medical eye care. For 2 years Dr. Bussa worked closely with staff and patients to create an atmosphere of the highest caliber of eye care.
Premier Eye Center was formed on January 1, 2013, by Dr. Steve Bussa and Dr. Alexandra Kehoe, both Florida board certified Optometric Physicians. In the same month, Plantation Eye Center merged with the 2 new purchased locations in Boca and West Palm, to form Premier Eye Center.
Now with 3 locations, 3 doctors, and several team members, our goal is to provide the highest level of eye care with the newest technology, latest lens designs, and premium quality of eyewear. We are not a discount practice, we offer better than the best and constantly strive to push our standards to the highest level.  Please stop by and see the difference and feel free to tour our facility before you make your decision on the care of your most important gift, YOUR VISION.  Come see OUR VISION!
Plantation Eye Center was purchased in 2010 by Dr. Steve T. Bussa and it has been our ongoing goal to make our practices the pinnacle of eye care in the south Florida area and offer the highest quality high-end frames and lens materials along with the best medical eye care. For 2 years Dr. Bussa worked closely with staff and patients to create an atmosphere of the highest caliber of eye care.
Premier Eye Center was formed on January 1, 2013, by Dr. Steve Bussa and Dr. Alexandra Kehoe, both Florida board certified Optometric Physicians. In the same month, Plantation Eye Center merged with the 2 new purchased locations in Boca and West Palm, to form Premier Eye Center.
Now with 3 locations, 3 doctors, and several team members, our goal is to provide the highest level of eye care with the newest technology, latest lens designs, and premium quality of eyewear. We are not a discount practice, we offer better than the best and constantly strive to push our standards to the highest level.  Please stop by and see the difference and feel free to tour our facility before you make your decision on the care of your most important gift, YOUR VISION.  Come see OUR VISION!
Ready to experience exceptional eye care?
Ready to experience exceptional eye care?
Book your appointment
Eye care for everyone
Message us on whatsapp
Company
About Us
Our Eye Doctors
Our Team
Services
Myopia control
Glaucoma
Dry eye syndrome
Pediatric Eye Exams
Comprehensive Eye Exams
Cataracts
For Patients
Patient Portal
Forms
Insurance
VisionPlan VIP
Contact Us
Boca Raton Office
7840 Glades Road, Suite 245 Boca Raton, FL 33434
(561) 482-8300
Plantation Office
331 N University Dr Suite 1200 Plantation FL 33324.
(954) 625-2388
West Palm Beach Office
3650 Forest Hill Boulevard, Suite 2 West Palm Beach, FL 33406
(561) 964-1359
© 2026 Premier Eye Center
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Accesibility
Website built by Alistar Media