URL: https://www.espmgmt.com

PHONE: +18443776468
LINKEDIN: https://www.linkedin.com/company/eyecare-services-partners
Eyecare Services Partners | ESP | Patient-Centered Eyecare
Skip to main menu
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Practice Brands
Leadership
Physician Advisory Board
Support
Careers
Contact Us
Elevating Healthcare,
Empowering Growth
Individual commitment to
a group effort - that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization
work.
- Vince Lombardi
Support
Leadership
Careers
Investing in
Healthcare,
Maximizing
Potential.
59
Locations
153+
Physicians
827k+
appointments per year
63K+
surgeries per year
Average 4.8
Practice Review Score
"Our goal is to support our doctors and staff with the
technologies and processes which will enable all providers to care for every patient
who visits our clinics and provide the best possible vision outcomes."
- George Neal
CEO of EyeCare Services Partners
“Easily one of the best companies I’ve ever worked for! There’s a
lot of potential here for professional growth. The opportunity to grow as the
company grows will likely lead to bigger and better things down the road if you
stick around long enough. We’re changing the industry one practice at a time.”
-
Employee in Dallas, TX
"A dynamic environment where you face daily challenges but
learn to overcome them through team work. Every day is something new and exciting to
tackle. It’s a true team environment with very strong camaraderie. I don’t intend on
leaving anytime soon."
-
Account Executive in Dallas, TX
“It’s easy to get a job here if you have the necessary
qualifications. Salary is competitive, but health insurance is where they really
shine. There’s plenty of opportunities to get promoted and further your career. The
general work environment is positive and upbeat. There are no issues with drama,
favoritism, or discrimination.”
-
Marketing Executive
Current Employee, more than 2
years
Dallas, TX
“Great place to work. Friendly close staff at my office. We all
work well as a team. Always an opportunity to grow, transfer, and better your own
place within ESP.”
-
Practice Manager in Hinsdale, IL
“Everything about working here is a pro. The people. The pay. The
culture. The managers. The projects. The clients. It’s a fantastic company to work
for and I’m just grateful to be a part of it all. ”
-
Patient Services
Current Employee, more than 3
years
Dallas, TX
Eyecare Services
Partners
Patient Centered
Approach
ESP addresses the high demand for eyecare
By offering accessible locations, convenient appointment scheduling, and extended hours, we
enhance convenience for patients and ensure their services are easily accessible.
ESP’s commitment to patient-centered care remains at the core of our
strategy
We focus on delivering exceptional patient experiences by emphasizing personalized care, shorter
wait times, and convenient access to services.
ESP prioritizes attracting and retaining top talent to support its
growth
We invest in recruiting skilled ophthalmologists, optometrists, and support staff who share
our commitment to excellence.
Awards & Recognition
ESP and our associated practices represent a community of dedicated leaders,
compassionate providers and surgeons, plus highly skilled clinical teams supporting communities and
their eye care needs
Contact Us
<p>Your browser does not support iframes. The contact form cannot be displayed. Please use another
contact method (phone, fax etc)</p>
our location
9330 LBJ Freeway,
Ste 900
Dallas, TX 75243
844.ESP.MGMT (844.377.6468)
Quick Links
Practice Brands
Leadership
Physician Advisory Board
Support
Careers
Contact Us
© 2026 Eyecare Services Partners. All rights reserved.
Designed by
Glacial
Multimedia
Privacy Policy
Terms of Sale
Transparency in Coverage
Accessibility Disclaimer
This link
leads to the machine-readable files that are made available in
response to the federal Transparency in Coverage Rule and includes negotiated service rates and
out-of-network allowed amounts between health plans and healthcare providers. The machine-readable
files are formatted to allow researchers, regulators, and application developers to more easily
access and analyze data.
If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call
(844) 377-6468.
⇧