URL: http://rikaoptique.com

PHONE: 707.343.1620
EMAIL: info@rikaoptique.com
Designer Eyewear | Rika Optique-Custom Eyewear
707.343.1620
info@rikaoptique.com
Home
About Us
Collections
Contact
MEETING YOUR OPTICAL NEEDS THROUGH THE YEARS
We’re here to help you find that perfect pair of glasses that will give you great vision while highlighting your features and personality with class.
Book an Appointment
Upcoming Trunk Shows
Caroline Abram Paris
Wednesday, April 3 // 1:00 PM – 4:00 PM
THEO Eyewear
Friday, April 5 // 1:00 PM – 4:00 PM
Anne et Valentine
Friday, April 26 // 11:00 AM – 3:00 PM
Prescription & Non Prescription
Discover our curated collection of independent and unique eyewear designs. Also available: Blue light protection, non prescription lenses, as well as polarized sun glasses and polarized reading glasses.
Specialized Lenses & Coatings
Experience crystal-clear vision with our range of specialized lenses, crafted to meet your unique lifestyle requirements.
Repairs & Adjustments
Optical Accessories
Premium Reading Eyewear
Custom Clip-Ons
Protective Eyewear
Specialty Eyeglass Cases
Discover your perfect frame
Complement your vision and personal style with our curated selection of designer and lifestyle frames. Schedule a personalized appointment to find the perfect fit, and stay ahead of the curve with our bi-monthly Fashion Frame Trunk Shows featuring the latest trends, VIP appointments, and exciting promotions.
View Collections
Sharpen Your Vision with Premium Lenses
Bring in Your Latest Prescription & Discover the Difference
Have the health of your eyes checked and bring in your latest prescription. We proudly offer Carl Zeiss lenses, renowned for their exceptional clarity, precision, and durability. Experience sharper vision, richer colors, and unparalleled comfort throughout your day
Advanced Lens Technology for Every Need
Go beyond basic lenses. We feature top-of-the-line anti-reflective coating, reducing glare by up to 70% more than standard lenses. Plus, explore our specialized lens options, including Drive Safe for optimal road visibility, Sport for enhanced performance, Smart Life to combat digital eye strain, and Computer/Reading lenses for ultimate comfort during close-up tasks.
Specialty Eyewear for Students
Supporting active students, we offer a range of specialty eyewear: impact-resistant frames and lenses for sports, top-of-the-line anti-reflective coatings to minimize glare and maximize focus during schoolwork, and transition lenses for seamless adaptation between indoor and outdoor environments.
Elevate Your Vision Today
Ready to experience the perfect blend of style and functionality?
Schedule your personalized frame consultation today and discover the difference that premium lenses and designer frames can make for your vision, confidence, and style.
Schedule Now
Visit Us
We are only a phone call or email away. We would love to hear from you to answer your questions, to check on your order, or to ask about our services at Rika Optique.
530 Broadway Sonoma, CA 95476
Call: 707.343.1620
Fax: 707.343.1826
Monday – Friday: 10am-5pm
Saturday: 10am-2pm
Appointments Recommended
Never Miss A Trunk Show
Stay informed about trunk show events, new collections & exclusive discounts. Sign up for our newsletter today!
Sign Up
© 2024 Rika Optique-Custom Glasses. All Rights Reserved.