URL: http://www.eanw.net/about

PHONE: +1-206-215-2020
Ophthalmologist Seattle | About Eye Associates Northwest
Skip to main menu
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
About Us
Blog
Testimonials
Careers
Doctors
Thomas S. Copperman, MD
Annisa L. Jamil, MD
Thao Phuong Le, MD
Kevin Jackson, MD
Stacy L. Porter, MD
Ted M. Zollman, MD
Nathan D. Wilbanks, MD
Matthew Cardinale, DO
Shawn K. Nash, DO
Vanessa M. Franklin, OD
Anita S. Lam, OD
Erica J. Uman, OD
Eric Liao, CO
Vy Ha, OD
Alex Kim, OD
Sophia Lin, OD
Specialties
Adult Strabismus
Advanced Imaging
Cataract Surgery
Contact Lenses
EVO ICL
Cornea
Diabetic Eye Disease
Dry Eye Disease
Eyelid and Facial Surgery
Glaucoma
Medical Retina
Myopia Control Clinic
Optical
Pediatric Eye Doctor
Patient Resources
Pay Bill Online
Patient Portal
Billing
Cancellation
FAQ
Order Contacts Online
Patient Forms
What to Expect During Your Exam
Continuous Care
Referring Providers
Online Referral Form
Printable Referral Form
Request Referral Forms & Business Cards
Continuing Education
Locations
Ballard
Edmonds
First Hill
Kirkland
Northgate
Optical Locations
Contact Us
206.215.2020
Schedule Online
About Us
Home
»
About Us
Related Pages
About Us
Testimonials
Careers
Eye Associates Northwest is the combination of two successful Seattle group ophthalmology practices: Eye Associates of Seattle and the Eye Clinic of Seattle.
Eye Associates Northwest provides comprehensive
ophthalmology care
for patients across the Seattle area, with convenient access to care in Ballard, Edmonds, First Hill, Kirkland, and Northgate. Our team supports patients with both general and specialty eye care needs, including cataract evaluations, glaucoma management, dry eye treatment, retinal concerns, and other medical and surgical eye care services. Patients can begin with the
location
most convenient to them while staying connected to the broader Eye Associates Northwest network.
Rooted in the Pacific Northwest for over 80 years
Eye Associates of Seattle and the Eye Clinic of Seattle had roots in practices established by individual physicians in the 1930s. Dr. H. Frederick Thorlakson opened his office in the Cobb Building in 1931, specializing in eye, ear, nose, and throat. Dr. Carl D. Jensen began his ophthalmology practice in the Medical Dental Building in 1934. Eye Associates Northwest, PC was later incorporated in Seattle in 1993, after the two groups merged.
Today, we offer the best in comprehensive eye care
Today, Eye Associates Northwest provides both general ophthalmology care, as well as specialty eye care. Our mission is to provide quality eye care with care, concern, and compassion for each of our patients. We remain committed to continuing improvement in quality through adaptation of technological advances and continuing education.
Board certified physicians and optometrists.
Our providers sub-specialize in areas such as cornea, plastics, retina, dry eye, and pediatrics.
Meet Our Team
Contact Us
<p>Your browser does not support iframes. The contact form cannot be displayed. Please use another contact method (phone, fax etc)</p>
QuickLinks
Doctors
Specialties
Patient Resources
Referring Providers
©2026 Eye Associates Northwest PC. All rights reserved. Ophthalmology website design by
Glacial Multimedia, Inc.
The Eye Associates Northwest website makes every attempt to comply with The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) of 1990. If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call for assistance.
This Practice does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. This Practice may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Accessibility || Website Disclaimer
|
Privacy Policy
|
Language Non-Discrimination
Back to Top
⇧