URL: http://www.infocuseyes.com/about

EMAIL: jennifer@infocuseyes.com
EMAIL: jay@infocuseyes.com
EMAIL: steve@infocuseyes.com
EMAIL: Test123@gmail.com
Best Eye Doctor Atlanta, Best optometrist Atlanta - In Focus Eye Center Eye Doctor Atlanta
Welcome
About
Social Posts
Services
Forms
Reviews
Contact
404-589-0822
About Us
Dr. Mario martinez, O.D.
Optometrist/Owner
mario
@
infocuseyes
.com
Dr. Mario Martinez was born in Texas into a military family. He moved around the country often until being recruited to play tennis at East Carolina University where he graduated with a degree in Public Health and a minor in ...
read more
Dr. Mario Martinez was born in Texas into a military family. He moved around the country often until being recruited to play tennis at East Carolina University where he graduated with a degree in Public Health and a minor in Biology. He then went on to graduate in 2021 from Southern College of Optometry in Memphis before moving to Atlanta.
Dr. Martinez completed his rotations at the Daytona Beach VA in Florida and Hall Eyecare Associates in Arkansas. He has experience in fitting contact lenses, pre and post-op management, and managing ocular disease. He takes pride in providing the best quality care while creating a warm atmosphere in clinical settings.
In his spare time, he can be found playing tennis, pickleball, hiking, racing, or finding new places to eat or recipes to cook.
Dr. Mario can be reached at
mario@infocuseyes.com
read less
Dr. Lindsey Eisenberg, O.D.
Optometrist
lindsey
@
infocuseyes
.
com
Dr. Lindsey Eisenberg is a native Atlantan and grew up in Dunwoody, Georgia. For her undergrad studies she attended the University of Georgia Franklin College of Arts and Science and graduated with Bachelors of Science in...
read more
Dr. Lindsey Eisenberg is a native Atlantan and grew up in Dunwoody, Georgia. For her undergrad studies she attended the University of Georgia Franklin College of Arts and Science and graduated with Bachelors of Science in Psychology and Biology. After living in New York she earned her Doctorate of Optometry from Pennsylvania College of Optometry at Salus University. While there Dr. Eisenberg studied disease and low vision, but found her passion in contact lens and graduated with a certificate in Advanced Studies of Contact Lenses.
Dr. Eisenberg loves traveling for the same reason she enjoys practicing optometry, meeting new people and hearing great stories. Her more local hobbies now include pottery and paint by numbers and after an "incident" she no longer attempts to play kickball. She's very excited to be a part of the In Focus Eye Center Team.
read less
Steven Kintop
Office Manager / ABO Certified Optician
steve@infocuseyes.com
For any and all questions about lenses, however elementary or esoteric, Steve is your go-to guy. He can and will explain the physics of optics in terms so clear and simple you'll wish he'd been your high school science teacher. He's spent ...
read more
For any and all questions about lenses, however elementary or esoteric, Steve is your go-to guy. He can and will explain the physics of optics in terms so clear and simple you'll wish he'd been your high school science teacher. He's spent plenty of time deep in the trenches of optical labs, and he's been ABO-certified since 2010, so you can trust his expertise when it comes to designing lenses to suit your unique needs and style.
Steve co-founded In Focus when it first got off the ground in 2009, and he has been indispensable in every part of its operation ever since. Even as the practice has expanded and our staff has grown, Steve has been an evergreen presence at the office and in the neighborhood, and our patients are delighted to see him every time they stop in.
In a perfect world Steve would have a dozen dogs, but at the moment his rescue mix Cooper is the lucky sole recipient of all of his training and attention. You can find him in costume at DragonCon or the Renaissance Festival with his wife and bonus daughter, or cheering on the Green Bay Packers every day of his life as their number-one fan.
read less
Emily Herman
Optometric Technician
emily@infocuseyes.com
.com
Emily is a dynamic Optometric Technician at In Focus Eye Center, where her extensive experience over the past three years has made her an integral part of the team. Known for her professionalism and efficiency, Emily ensures that the...
read more
Emily is a dynamic Optometric Technician at In Focus Eye Center, where her extensive experience over the past three years has made her an integral part of the team. Known for her professionalism and efficiency, Emily ensures that the practice runs smoothly, often greeting patients with a cheerful, “Don’t even sit, I am ready for you!” Her role involves a variety of procedures, setting the stage for a seamless patient experience.
A graduate of Georgia Southern, Emily is passionate about art, music, and animals. With her eclectic taste in music, she designed the playlist you hear at In Focus, spanning multiple genres and eras, creating a vibrant atmosphere in the office. Outside of work, she is a devoted dog lover with two dachshunds and a lab, and she enjoys exploring the outdoors with her furry companions. Destin, FL is her favorite travel destination, where she finds joy in the sun, beach, and sand.
read less
As one of our opticians, Marcia’s vivacious personality and caring attitude all but guarantees that your frame selection process will be fun and fruitful.  She is also well versed in both lens technology and insurance jargon, so you are sure...
read more
As one of our opticians, Marcia’s vivacious personality and caring attitude all but guarantees that your frame selection process will be fun and fruitful.  She is also well versed in both lens technology and insurance jargon, so you are sure to get the options you need and your vision benefits maximized.  By the end of your time with Marcia, you too will be singing her praises.
Born in Arizona to a Navy family, Marcia has been all over the West and Midwest experiencing much of what the country has to offer.  Arriving in Georgia two years ago with her American Bulldogs Marjoram and Krypton, the lush greenery and beautiful hiking trails has convinced her to make Georgia her home.
After being around Marcia for even a short time you find a constant smile, complete empathy and infectious excitement.  So when you find out that she is a lover of combat sports like UFC and PFL and a practitioner of Jiu Jitsu this juxtaposition gives you a mere glimpse into the depths of her character and personal history.
read less
Mikayla Mayfield
Optician
mikayla@infocuseyes.com
When asked to describe Mikayla, her co-workers responded with high praise, using words like genuine, sweet, smart and considerate.  Working with Mikayla, you will immediately get a sense of calm, and yet her sense of humor and quick wit will...
read more
When asked to describe Mikayla, her co-workers responded with high praise, using words like genuine, sweet, smart and considerate.  Working with Mikayla, you will immediately get a sense of calm, and yet her sense of humor and quick wit will keep you on your toes while she makes sure your eyeglasses fit your personal sense of style.
Mikayla was born in the beautiful beach town of Navarre Florida where she developed her love of nature and walking on the beach.  Throughout highschool she was blessed with teachers and coaches that left an indelible mark on who she is today.  She competed in 7 different track events.  And if that wasn’t enough, she competed in the deadlift and bench press for her state championship weightlifting teams her junior and senior years.
Mikayla has finished the first two years of her bachelor’s degree in psychology which plans on returning to in the future.  When she has completed her degree she is looking forward to becoming a therapist specializing in childhood development.
read less
Our Office
Medical Exams
More than a prescription!
When you come to In Focus Eye Center for an eye examination you will receive the highest quality care available utilizing the most modern diagnostic equipment available. Dr. Jennifer Song Badaracco is a highly trained doctor of optometry with years of experience and specializes in comprehensive family eye care and the medical management of eye disease.
Optical
Look good feel good.
The Optical Boutique is where you come to look good, feel comfortable and see great. Our large selection of designer frames ensures that we have the right look for you. Whether you are into the latest styles or on a tight budget, In Focus has frames for everyone. Using your prescription, our highly trained Optician will guide you through the process of choosing lenses that are customized for your lifestyle. If you want anti-reflective lenses to reduce eye-strain, transitions to protect your eyes from the sun's ultraviolet rays, or the latest free-form technology to reduce abberations and keep you seeing in Hi-Definition, the staff at In Focus Eye Center has all the information you need to know to make the decision of what lenses are right for you.
HIPAa
NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES
Generally speaking, we only use your health information within or outside of our office for things such as payment, treatment, or healthcare operations. For any other use we require your written authorization. There are limited situations where the law allows or requires us to disclose your health information without written consent, but if there is any doubt, our default action is to get your approval first.
Treatment:
➤ Setting up appointments
➤ Testing your eyes and keeping meticulous records
➤ Writing prescriptions for glasses, contacts or medications
➤ Helping you select glasses or contacts
➤ Referring you to other doctors or clinics
➤ Providing prescriptions or refill authorizations for medications to pharmacists
➤ Contacting you to let you know your glasses or contact lenses are ready
➤ Requesting records from professionals you have seen in the past.
Financial purposes:
➤ Inquiring about health or vision care plans, or other sources of payment
➤ Processing payments, preparing bills or trying to collect unpaid bills
➤ Handling bills or claims that are mailed, faxed, or sent electronically
Business purposes:
This represents the things we do to keep our office running, whether for internal quality assurance, personnel decisions, business plans, or sale of interest in the practice in which protected health information is transferred. Your health information is protected from sale for the purposes of marketing or fundraising automatically, unless you authorize its use in writing. Where required by Georgia law, we will ask for special written permission from you to release your personal information.
Without authorization:
There are limited situations where we are allowed or required to disclose your information without your permission. Some of these situations may not apply to your specific circumstances in our office:
➤ Health information reports mandated by state or federal law
➤ Public health - contagious disease reporting, investigation, or surveillance; notices to and from the FDA about drugs or other medical items
➤ Reporting suspected abuse, neglect, or domestic violence to authorities
➤ Disclosures for health oversight activities (licensing of doctors, audits by Medicare, investigation of possible healthcare law violations)
➤ Disclosures for law enforcement purposes
➤ Disclosures for assistance in identifying individuals
➤ Disclosures for health related research
➤ Uses and disclosures to prevent threat to health and safety
➤ Uses and disclosures for specialized government functions
➤ Disclosures relating to worker's compensation
➤ Disclosures to business associates who work with us and agree to keep your health information private
Other disclosures
Any other uses or disclosures of your health information will not be made unless you have signed an authorization form. You do not have to sign this form. If you do sign one, you may revoke the permission at any time unless we have already acted on its permission.
Your rights regarding your health information
➤ You can ask us to communicate with you in a confidential way. We will try to accommodate this request if it is reasonable, and if any extra cost is paid for.
➤ You have the right to restrict the release of health information to insurance companies or benefit plans when services are paid in full out-of-pocket – if we don't use your plan for payment of care, we will protect your information from them unless you authorize its release in writing.
➤ You may request electronic or paper copies of your health information. By law, there are a few situations (limited) where we can refuse to permit access or copying. You may have to pay for photocopies in advance. If your request is denied, a written explanation will be provided.
➤ You can ask to amend your health information if you have reason to believe it is incorrect or incomplete.
➤ You can ask for a list of disclosures we have made of your health information.
➤ You can get one such list per year without charge, otherwise they must be paid for in advance.
➤ You have the right to be notified in the event of a breach of the security of your personal health information. If you have any questions as to the ways in which we operate to protect your information, please ask. Every aspect of how we operate is designed with your information security as paramount.
Notice of Privacy Practices
We must abide by the terms of this Notice of Privacy Practices by law until we change it. We reserve the right to change this notice at any time in compliance with and as allowed by law. If we change this notice, it will apply to your health information already in our records, and future information generated in the future. If we change this Notice, copies will be available in our office and we will do our best to keep you informed.
Complaints
We want you to know that we view the privacy of your health information as seriously as you do. However, if you feel that our efforts have not maintained your privacy to your satisfaction, please contact Dr. Jennifer Song Badaracco right away. If there is something we can do better, we would like the opportunity to start addressing that change as soon as possible.
Read More
IN FOCUS EYE CENTER
870 Inman Village Parkway NE Suite 3,
Atlanta, GA 30307
Phone. (404) 589-0822
Fax. (404) 589-4766
GET DIRECTIONS
Hours
Monday
09:00AM
05:00PM
Tuesday
09:00AM
05:00PM
Wednesday
08:00AM
05:00PM
Thursday
09:00AM
05:00PM
Friday
09:00AM
02:00PM
Saturday
Closed
Sunday
Closed
Back to Top