URL: http://eyespyvision.com

PHONE: 707-253-7111
PHONE: 
Eye Spy Vision Care Optometry - Optometry in Napa, CA US
Would you like to switch to the accessible version of this site?
Go to accessible site
Close modal window
Don't need the accessible version of this site?
Hide the accessibility button
Close modal window
Accessibility View
Close toolbar
Menu
Home
About Us
Meet the Optometrist
Meet the Staff
New Patient Center
Online Forms
Payment Options
Virtual Office Tour
Eyecare Services
Eye & Vision Exams
Vision Therapy FAQs
Contact Lens Exams
Lasik Eye Surgery
Eye Surgery
Hard to Fit Contacts
Ortho-K
Computer Vision
Sports Vision
Sunglasses
Vision Therapy
Eye Exam
Frame Selection
Success Stories
Vision Therapy Links
Community Involvement
Contact Us
Blog
Community Content
Common Eye Conditions
Age-Related
Cognitive and Acquired
Vision Impairment
Injury & Irritation
Eye Lids
Changes in Appearance
Contact Lenses
Eye Diseases
Eyeglasses
Eyeglass Lenses
Eye Symptoms
How the Eyes Work
Basic Visual Skills
Pediatric Vision
Protecting Your Eyes
Visual Rehabilitation
Vision Problems
What is Vision Therapy
Vision Therapy Programs
We Can Help With
Cataracts
Corneal Disorders
Disorders
Glaucoma
Refractive Disorders
Adult Strabismus
Retinal Disorders
Newsletters
Glasses & Frames
Contacts
Tips for Healthy Eyes
Conditions That Affect Vision
Kid's Vision
Amazing, Interesting Eyes
Medical Perspectives
707-253-7111
Contact us
WELCOME TO EYE SPY VISION CARE OPTOMETRY
YOUR OPTOMETRIST IN NAPA, CA.
CALL US AT 707-253-7111 TODAY.
Welcome to Eye Spy Vision Care Optometry in Napa. Dr. Tanya Mahaphon and the Eye Spy Vision Care Optometry team strive to provide the finest in optometry services. We invite you to browse our website to learn more about our optometry services, and invite you to join our patient family by scheduling an eye exam appointment at our Napa office.
Eye Spy Vision Care Optometry is a full service eye and vision care provider and will take both eye emergencies as well as scheduled appointments. Patients throughout the Napa area and beyond come to Eye Spy Vision Care Optometry because they know they will receive the personal attention and professional care that is our foundation. Dr. Mahaphon and our team are dedicated to keeping our patients comfortable and well-informed at all times. At Eye Spy Vision Care Optometry, we will explain every exam and procedure and answer all of our patient's questions. Additionally, at Eye Spy Vision Care Optometry, we offer vision financing options and will work with vision insurance providers to ensure good eye health and vision care for all of our patients.
Our Approach to Optometry
Our one-on-one approach to optometry makes Dr. Mahaphon and the Eye Spy Vision Care Optometry staff the eye and vision care providers of choice in the Napa area. Our Napa developmental optometrist offers the following services: complete eye exams, contact lenses, glasses, learning-related vision evaluations, visual processing evaluations, and vision therapy. For a complete list of services, visit our
services page
or call our Napa office at 707-253-7111.
At Eye Spy Vision Care Optometry, we are dedicated to providing high-quality optometry services in a comfortable environment. Call us at 707-253-7111 to schedule an appointment today online.
Dr. Tanya Mahaphon
Napa Optometrist | Eye Spy Vision Care Optometry | 707-253-7111
1776 Third Street
Napa, CA 94559
Featured Links
Click to find out more
Services
We strive to provide complete care for our patients. Learn more about all the services we provide.
Online Forms
Our patient forms are available online so they can be completed in the convenience of your own home or office.
Testimonials
Reviews From Our Satisfied Patients
"
I have benefited tremendously from the eye care I received from Dr. Mahaphon.
"
Location
Find us on the map
Office Hours
By Appointment Only
Monday:
8:30 am - 5:30 pm
Tuesday:
8:30 am - 5:30 pm
Wednesday:
8:30 am - 5:00 pm
Thursday:
8:30 am - 5:30 pm
Friday:
8:30 am - 5:00 pm
Saturday:
By Appt.
Sunday:
Closed
Featured Articles
Read up on informative topics
September Newsletter: Family History of Glaucoma: When Should Screening Begin?
Do you have family members with glaucoma? Find out when you should start screenings. ...
Read More
September Newsletter: Why Diabetes Can Change the Prescription for Your Glasses
Wondering why your vision is blurry? Diabetes might be the reason. ...
Read More
August Newsletter: Signs It's Time for New Glasses
Are your eyeglasses still doing a good job? ...
Read More
August Newsletter: Caring for Your Eyeglasses to Extend Their Life
Want your eyeglasses to last longer? Try these tips. ...
Read More
July Newsletter: Summer Triggers That Can Worsen Dry Eye Symptoms
Do your dry eye symptoms worsen during the summer? ...
Read More
July Newsletter: Why Annual Eye Exams Matter for Children
Is skipping your child's annual eye exam shortsighted? ...
Read More
June Newsletter: Summertime Eye Safety Tips
Are your eyes ready for summer? ...
Read More
June Newsletter: Specialty Contact Lenses Explained
Could you benefit from specialty contact lenses? ...
Read More
May Newsletter: Preventing Eye Injuries at Home and Work
Do you know how to avoid eye injuries at home and and at work? ...
Read More
May Newsletter: Can Diet Help Prevent Vision Loss?
Wondering how diet changes could help you protect your vision? ...
Read More
Newsletter Signup
Sign up for more articles
Error!
Close
Copyright © 2026 MH Sub I, LLC dba iMatrix.
Admin Log In
Site Map