URL: http://www.blinklashboutique.com/contact

EMAIL: hello@blinklashboutique.com
Eyelash Extensions | Blink Lash Boutique | Spokane
top of page
HOME
About
Jobs
Privacy Policy
Services & Pricing
Pricing
Lash Extensions
Lash Lifts
Eyebrow Shaping
Book Appt
FAQ & After Care
Coming with lashes from another salon?
Do's & Dont's - After care
Satisfaction Guarantee
Cancellation Policy
Gift Certificates
Gift Certificates
Lash Certification
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
Click to Book now!
​
Full Set Specials!
With a junior stylist
Classic ~ $99
BOOK CLASSIC SET
Hybrid ~ $129
BOOK HYBRID SET
*Valid October 1st-31st 2026
*Available with select stylist only
Say nothing.  Express everything.
longer, fuller, luscious lashes
BOOK NOW
WELCOME TO
Blink Lash Boutique
At Blink Lash Boutique, Eyelash Extensions are more than a service, they are a refined craft! Since 2008, we've been dedicated to delivering an elevated experience rooted in precision, artistry, and exceptional attention to detail.
We specialize in custom designed lash extensions, tailored to enhance your natural features while maintaining the health and integrity of your natural lashes.  All of our stylists are trained to uphold the highest standards in our industry.
What truly sets us apart is our commitment to doing things the right way, not the fast way.  We create our volume fans by hand - an advanced, time intensive technique that produces a softer, lighter and more seamless finish.  The result is lashes that feel virtually weightless, so comfortable you can forget you're even wearing them.
Equally important is the care we take in our application. Each natural lash is completely isolated before an extension is applied.  This level of precision requires more time and expertise, but is an essential step both comfort and long-term lash health. When natural lashes are not properly isolated they can stick together - causing tension, irritation, and even pain as they grow out.  Our meticulous approach ensures smooth, comfortable wear from day one and through the life of your extensions.
​
True luxury is in the details - and in the results that feel as seamless as they appear.
​
Services
SERVICES & PRICING
Lash Extensions
Lash Lifts
Eyebrows
The
Blink Difference
What makes us different is our customized lash applications that give you the look you want also taking into account your eye shape, lash health, maintenance preferences and more.
We just don't slap on a set strip of lashes like some of the others do.  We provide a truly CUSTOM look based on YOU!
We are also locally owned by Master Lash Artists that have been doing lashes since 2006
and started Blink Lash Boutique in 2008!  You are working with local business owners that also knows the art of lash application.
​
We also put our stylist through an intensive training program,
one that we do right in our salon by our owners that have mastered the skill of custom lash application.  Our training program is so popular, we have artists all over the world becoming Blink Certified!
Book Appointment
Garland District
Book Now!
LOCATION
CONTACT
HOURS
OTHER INFORMATION
​
​
Garland District
809 W Garland Ave, 99205
​
​
Text: (
509) 321-7172
​
hello@blinklashboutique.com
Available by appointment only, 7 days a week. Same day appointments may be available.
​
​
Satisfaction Guaranteed
FAQ
​
GET IN TOUCH
Thanks for submitting!
SUBMIT
STAY UPDATED
SUBSCRIBE
Thanks for submitting!
© 2024 Blink Lash Boutique
Blink Lash boutique does not obtain or share customer information with third parties, text messaging opt-in information is excluded from all information sharing.
bottom of page