URL: http://austinvisioncenter.com/about-us

PHONE: (512) 477-2282
About Us - Austin Vision Center
Skip to main navigation
Skip to content
(512) 477-2282
Make An Appointment
Order Contacts
(512) 477-2282
Request Appointment
Order Contacts
About Us
Contact Us
Meet the Team
Eyecare Services
Contact Lens Exams
Specialty Contacts
Hard To Fit Contacts
One Day Contact Lenses
Eye & Vision Exams
Eye & Vision Exam FAQs
Diabetic Eye Exams
Lasik Eye Surgery
Sunglasses
Frames
Eye Disease Management
Eye Disease Management FAQs
Cataract Surgery Co-Management
Neurolens
Frame Collections
Optical Services
New Patient Center
About Us
Our optometric services at Austin Vision Center include eye exams, lasik eye surgery co-management, and more.
We recommend yearly eye exams, especially for those who have a family history of vision problems and for those over the age of 50. The sooner we identify an eye problem, the sooner we can help you. Keep in mind that eye conditions are often hidden at first. You may not realize anything is wrong until you have noticeable symptoms. Our therapeutic optometrists can diagnose eye problems with a routine eye exam. All around, yearly eye exams are the best way to maintain good eye health.
Our eye and vision examinations are comprehensive.
An exam includes a one-on-one consultation with our therapeutic optometrists, an acuity vision test, an eye function test and a tonometry test to evaluate eye health. During the consultation, we inquire about your current medications, family medical history and any visual symptoms that you may be experiencing. Each one of our vision tests has a definitive purpose.
We measure sight with a reading and wall eye chart. With an eye function test, we evaluate depth perception, eye muscle performance, peripheral vision and how the eyes are working together. Using a visual examination, we examine the health of the eye and its structures. Our internal examination of the eye includes measuring eye pressure to test for signs of glaucoma as well as comprehensive evaluation of the retina.
Give us a call today so we can help you see
and look your best!
Contact Us
MONDAY – THURSDAY:
9am – 6pm |
FRIDAY:
9am – 2pm |
SATURDAY & SUNDAY:
Closed
2415 Exposition Blvd. • Suite D • Austin, TX 78703
(512) 477-2282
Make An Appointment
Order Contacts
© 2024 Austin Vision Center. All rights reserved.
|
Privacy Policy
Site by Sundaram