URL: http://www.stantonoptical.com/about-us

PHONE: 8775185788
About Us - Stanton Optical
Skip to main content
​
My Account
Find Store
About Us
We Make Eye Care Easy
Since opening its first store in Mishawaka, Indiana in 2007, Stanton Optical has provided exceptional customer service and thousands of stylish frames at competitive and affordable prices. Our affiliated doctor network in-store also provides complete eye exams including a vision health check for a full-service experience. Stanton Optical’s knowledgeable team walks you through the process every step of the way to ensure you leave with the right frames at the best price possible. You can even get your glasses the same day based on your prescription.
We understand getting new glasses can be a long, stressful process. That’s why we provide you with a personalized, guided experience to make it quick and easy. Our optical lab utilizes the latest technology and computer automated machinery, and skilled lab technicians cut, polish, and grind lenses to customize every pair. Once the lenses are assembled and mounted into the frames, the glasses get a quality assurance check before being delivered to the store and ready for customer pick-up. Plus, we design our own frames and work directly with eyewear manufacturers, so we can pass significant savings on to you.
As always, customer satisfaction is our priority. Our team of optical professionals are dedicated to helping you find your perfect fit. For added convenience, we are continually expanding our locations, so check back regularly for a new store near you.
Vision
We believe in modernizing the eye care experience for all people.
Mission
Making eye care easy.
Values
I
Integrity
We see integrity as building a foundation of trust with our customers, employees and stakeholders by communicating honestly, ensuring consistency and delivering on our commitments.
C
Collaboration
We see collaboration as combining the talents of a diverse group, offering proactive communication and being open-minded to new ideas.
A
Accountability
We see accountability as taking initiative, delivering our best in all we do, accepting responsibility for our actions and taking ownership of results.
R
Respect
We see respect as prioritizing human relationships, being present, connecting with transparency and empathy.
E
Empowerment
We see empowerment as making purpose-driven decisions to support the company vision, showing appreciation for others, and taking care of the individuals we serve.
For more information about our parent company, Now Optics,
click here.
Español
Trustpilot
©
Copyright 2026 Stanton Optical. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Choices