URL: https://napavalleycarecenter.com

PHONE: +17072570931
Napa Valley Care Center | Skilled Nursing Facility
Napa Valley Care Center | Skilled Nursing Facility
Skip to content
About Us
About Our Team
Photos
FAQs
Reviews
Blog
Services
Our Services
Skilled Nursing Services
Rehabilitation & Therapies
Specialized Care Services
Amenities
Careers
Contact Us
Contact Us
Online Bill Pay
Send a Greeting
Directions
(707) 257-0931
Welcome to Napa Valley Care Center
At Napa Valley Care Center, we believe exceptional care is built through relationships. Our skilled nursing and rehabilitation team provides personalized care in a warm, vibrant environment where every person can feel welcomed, known, and cared for.
get in touch
Schedule a tour
Skilled Nursing Facility in
Napa, California
Napa Valley Care Center is a skilled nursing facility and post acute care center just west of the Napa River and Big Ranch Road. Rooted in the Napa Valley community, we’re a healing center built on relationships. We combine strong clinical capabilities and quality rehabilitation with a warm, personal approach to care.
Our interdisciplinary team works collaboratively across nursing, rehabilitation, social services, activities, dietary, admissions, and other departments. We partner closely with residents, families, physicians, and hospitals to create individualized care and discharge plans that support meaningful progress and a successful transition through recovery.
Proud Recipient of the
5-Star Quality Measures Medicare Rating
We are proud to announce that we’ve been recognized by the Centers for Medicaid and Medicare Services (CMS) as a Five-Star Quality Measures Rated facility. Nursing homes are rated from 1-5 stars based on health inspections, staffing, and quality measures. According to CMS, a rating of five stars means that quality is “much above average.”
LEARN MORE AT MEDICARE.GOV
Take a Video Tour
Take a look inside Napa Valley Care Center through authentic photos of our team, rehabilitation programs, celebrations, and community involvement.
View All photos
Reviews
Hear what residents and families have to say about their experiences at Napa Valley Care Center.
VIEW REVIEWS
Leave a Review
Juana Mendez
Yvonne Aceves-Walls
Each time I visit here I have had a good experience. Friendly staff from receptionist Debbie, to the nurses and social services Debra, everyone is very helpful. Debra has stopped what she was doing multiple times to ensure I had the information I needed. Thank you!
Read more
Mischa Reardon
My dad stayed here for almost a month and received the absolute best care after a vertebroplasty and some cognition issues preventing him from recovery at home. Every staff member was kind, my dad was well groomed, well dressed, and was attended to for all his needs. After 3 months of going back and forth with Kaiser and unmanaged pain, and then a week in the hospital where I felt I was literally fighting for his life, constant advocating, pushing the doctor to think outside the box, witnessing nurses mess up on his medications, I questioned if I had just become overly critical of all medical staff and overly protective of my dad, but the second he was admitted to napa valley care center, I felt I could exhale. He was in good hands and it was obvious. Even the CNAs and nurses who weren’t his direct caregivers stopped to chit chat with him and I felt he was truly cared for all around. The rehab team was great and spent intentional time with him every day, talking to him and actively working with him, not just telling him what to do and then having their own side conversations or staring at phone while in session, which is what I saw when touring other facilities from the east bay to napa. The place was clean and we were so happy with my dad’s experience at napa valley care center. Shoutout to Bernice, my dads favorite staff member there who seemingly attended to him as if he were her own family. Thank you NVCC! We couldn’t have had a better experience. 5 stars.
Read more
Mike Andrews
My friend Chuck was there for about 3 months and received very good care. There are 6 employees that went beyond their duties to make sure he was taken care of. Debra,Carmel, Iris,Diane, Emily, Stephanie.. all of you have my sincere appreciation .You proved that there are still good people in this world.. I thank you from the bottom of my heart.. the only thing that Chuck had a problem with was the quality of the food… He lost 30 pounds but is getting it back…I would recommend this care center to anyone…
Read more
Our Services
We provide skilled nursing, rehabilitation, and specialized care for individuals recovering from illness, injury, surgery, hospitalization, and other health conditions. At our Napa health center, we’re especially proud of our short-term rehabilitation program and clinical capabilities. Our post acute center also features a supportive rehabilitation environment with quality equipment, including our anti-gravity treadmill.
Skilled Nursing
Our skilled nursing facility provides 24-hour nursing care, individualized care plans, medication management, and support for complex clinical needs.
Rehabilitation & Therapies
Our therapy team provides physical, occupational, speech, respiratory, music, and other rehabilitation services to support recovery and independence.
Clinical Care
Our clinical capabilities include complex wound care and other services designed to support residents with complex medical needs.
Post Hospital Recovery
We work closely with hospital partners, physicians, residents, and families to create recovery and discharge plans following hospitalization.
View all Services
Amenities
Life at Napa Valley Care Center is about putting community into clinical care. Our vibrant atmosphere includes engaging activities, social events, resident celebrations, outdoor opportunities, dining, beauty services, and religious or spiritual services as well.
Activities
Residents enjoy fun activities like our sensory room, music performances, current event updates, singing, stretching, fitness exercises, and more.
Dining
Our team supports residents’ nutritional needs as part of their custom care plan and daily experience at Napa Valley Care Center.
Social Services
Social services include healthcare coordination, transportation, assessments, individual therapy, and support with personal and legal needs.
More about amenities
Send a Greeting
Send an ecard to a loved one at Napa Valley Care Center to share encouragement, celebrate a special occasion, or simply let them know you are thinking of them.
Send a Greeting
Questions About
Insurance?
Napa Valley Care Center accepts Medicare and Medi-Cal. Managed care plans are considered on a case-by-case basis depending on the individual plan, medical group, authorization, and current contracts. Contact our admissions team to verify coverage and eligibility.
contact us
Contact Us
Front Desk Phone
(707) 257-0931
Office Hours
Monday – Friday: 9 am – 5 pm
24/7 Admission Support
Tel: (707) 257-0931
Fax: (707) 257-0936
Street Address
3275 Villa Lane
Napa, CA 94558
VIEW MAP AND DIRECTIONS
SUPPORTED BY PACS  |  PACS.COM
Get In Touch
Contact Us
Napa Valley Care Center
3275 Villa Lane
Napa, CA 94558
Front Desk: (707) 257-0931
Admissions: (707) 257-0931
Admissions Fax: (707) 257-0936
Information
About Us
Photos
Careers
Contact Us
Company
Employees
Notice of Privacy Practices
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Connect with us!
Facebook
Find us on Yelp
Review us on Google
© 2026 Napa Valley Care Center
All Rights Reserved
Client Login
Web Accessibility
Site Map
You are being redirected
You are being automatically redirected to the PACS job portal. PACS helps connect job seekers with careers at Napa Valley Care Center. Explore our open positions and apply today!
Go back
continue
✕