URL: https://napavalleycarecenter.com/about-us

PHONE: +17072570931
About Us | Napa Valley Care Center
About Us | Napa Valley Care Center
Skip to content
About Us
About Our Team
Photos
FAQs
Reviews
Blog
Services
Our Services
Skilled Nursing Services
Rehabilitation & Therapies
Specialized Care Services
Amenities
Careers
Contact Us
Contact Us
Online Bill Pay
Send a Greeting
Directions
(707) 257-0931
Napa Valley Care Center
About Us
Napa Valley Care Center is a skilled nursing and rehab facility in Napa, California, rooted in the community and dedicated to providing high-quality care with warmth, professionalism, and heart.
Our Values
At Napa Valley Care Center, our values shape how we care for our residents, support their families, and work together as a team.
Love
We recognize that love is the foundation for providing care.
Excellence
We look for and act on opportunities to improve every day.
Trust
We act with integrity and expect the same from others.
Mutual Respect
We treat others the way they want to be treated.
Fun
We create and instill fun and enjoyment in everything we do.
Accountability
We create and instill fun and enjoyment in everything we do.
The
Napa Valley Care Center
Mission
Our mission is to serve our clients, communities, and team members with excellence by continuously improving our core competencies—clinical excellence, operational effectiveness, and employee engagement. We believe exceptional care is built through relationships. We want every person who enters our building to feel welcomed, known, and cared for.
Napa Valley Care Center doesn’t simply operate in Napa, we consider ourselves part of the community. Our team is actively involved with local hospitals, healthcare professionals, senior organizations, community partners, nonprofits, and local events.
“Each time I visit here I have had a good experience. Friendly staff from receptionist Debbie, to the nurses and social services Debra, everyone is very helpful. Debra has stopped what she was doing multiple times to ensure I had the information I needed. Thank you!
– Yvonne A.
“My dad stayed here for almost a month and received the absolute best care after a vertebroplasty and some cognition issues preventing him from recovery at home. Every staff member was kind, my dad was well groomed, well dressed, and was attended to for all his needs.”
-Mischa R
.
Our Team
Our greatest strength is our team and the relationships we build with residents, families, hospital partners, physicians, and one another. Our interdisciplinary team works collaboratively across nursing, rehabilitation, social services, activities, dietary, admissions, and other departments. Together, we create personal care plans that support each resident’s goals and recovery journey.
Leadership Team
Our leadership team works to support clinical excellence, operational effectiveness, employee engagement, and a culture built on our shared values.
Therapy / Rehabilitation
Our rehabilitation professionals provide physical, occupational, speech, and respiratory therapy designed around each resident’s individual needs and goals.
Nursing / Clinical Staff
Our nursing and clinical teams provide skilled care and support for a wide range of medical needs, including complex wound care, wound vac management, IV therapy, and other clinical services.
Social Services & Activities
Our social services and activities teams help residents remain connected, supported, engaged, and involved throughout their stay.
Dietary Services
Our dietary team supports residents’ nutritional needs as part of a coordinated approach to individualized care.
Environmental Services
Our environmental services team helps maintain a clean, comfortable, and welcoming environment for residents, families, and visitors.
The Admissions Process
Our admissions team works to make the process as clear and responsive as possible for residents, families, and referral partners.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Explore Care Options
Learn about our skilled nursing, rehabilitation, post hospital recovery, and specialized care services.
Connect With Our Team
Contact our admissions team to discuss care needs, insurance coverage, availability, and questions about a potential stay.
Visit and tour our Facility
Schedule a visit to experience Napa Valley Care Center’s warm, vibrant environment for yourself.
Finalize Your Stay
Our team coordinates the information and arrangements needed to prepare for admission and your individualized care plan.
Welcome Home
When you arrive, our team will help you get settled, understand your care plan, and begin your recovery journey.
A PACS-Supported Facility
PACS-supported facilities have access to additional resources and expertise that allow us to focus on what we do best—caring for our patients and residents. PACS provides technology, systems, and business support to skilled nursing facilities like ours that elevate our local culture of care from a centrally-supported team of experts. As a PACS-supported facility, we utilize these resources to help improve our quality of care every day.
Learn more at PACS.com
Contact Us
Front Desk Phone
(707) 257-0931
Office Hours
Monday – Friday: 9 am – 5 pm
24/7 Admission Support
Tel: (707) 257-0931
Fax: (707) 257-0936
Street Address
3275 Villa Lane
Napa, CA 94558
VIEW MAP AND DIRECTIONS
SUPPORTED BY PACS  |  PACS.COM
Get In Touch
Contact Us
Napa Valley Care Center
3275 Villa Lane
Napa, CA 94558
Front Desk: (707) 257-0931
Admissions: (707) 257-0931
Admissions Fax: (707) 257-0936
Information
About Us
Photos
Careers
Contact Us
Company
Employees
Notice of Privacy Practices
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Connect with us!
Facebook
Find us on Yelp
Review us on Google
© 2026 Napa Valley Care Center
All Rights Reserved
Client Login
Web Accessibility
Site Map
You are being redirected
You are being automatically redirected to the PACS job portal. PACS helps connect job seekers with careers at Napa Valley Care Center. Explore our open positions and apply today!
Go back
continue
✕