URL: https://www.sfeyeinstitute.com/about

PHONE: +14154218667
About Us | San Francisco Bay Area Ophthalmology Practice
Skip To Main Content
Make a Payment
Vision Quiz
Book Online
Referral Center
About
About Our Practice
Meet Our Doctors
Dr. Margaret P. Liu
Dr. Joanne Choi
Dr. Patricia Wong
Dr. Cassandra Tran
Dr. Steven Cohen
Dr. Marc Cruciger
Dr. Lee K. Schwartz
Dr. Helena Cheng
Dr. Sandeep Kaur
Dr. Thomas M. Swift
Dr. Gary L. Aguilar
In the Media
Patient Testimonials
Online Reviews
★★★★★
Volunteer With Us
Cataracts
Cataract Surgery
Custom Cataract Surgery Packages
Intraocular Lens Options (IOLs)
RxSight® Light Adjustable Lens™
ORA with VerifEye
Vision Correction
Vision Correction Options
EVO ICL™ Lens
LASIK
PRK
Presbyopia
Refractive Lens Exchange (RLE)
Vision Candidacy Quiz
Cross Linking
Comprehensive Eye Care
Comprehensive Eye Care
Corneal Diseases
Dry Eye Syndrome
iLux
Glaucoma
Oculoplastics
Valeda® Light Therapy for Dry AMD
Patient Resources
Financing & Payment Options
Make a Payment
Insurance
Forms
Notice of Open Payments Database
Patient Stories
Robert’s Cataract Surgery Story
Chris’ ICL Story
Allen’s ICL Story
Jim P.’s Cataract Surgery Story
Leslie’s ICL Story
Mackey’s Cross Linking Story
Michael’s Cataract Surgery Story
Taylor’s Journey with Keratoconus
Contact Us
Book Online
Questions? Contact Us
Vision Quiz
Book Online
Make a Payment
Vision Quiz
Book Online
Referral Center
Referral Center
Our Locations
(415) 421-8667
Vision Quiz
Book Online
Welcome to San Francisco Eye Institute
Welcome to San Francisco Eye Institute, where we are committed to efficiently providing the highest quality of comprehensive, customized eye care that is fully focused on the patient experience.
Request a Consultation
Home
/
About Us
A Brief History of our Practice
San Francisco Eye Institute is built on a practice that was established in the 1940s, and over the years it has been brought to the forefront of ophthalmology by incorporating electronic health records and state-of-the-art technology for the diagnosis and treatment of eye conditions.
Our founder and CEO, Dr. Margaret Liu, acquired the practice in 2014 and established it as San Francisco Eye Institute in 2016. Since then, two additional practices have been incorporated into San Francisco Eye Institute and it continues to grow, bringing in more doctors, specialists, and technology to better serve the Bay Area and beyond.
In 2016, San Francisco Eye Institute moved to our current location at 711 Van Ness Avenue along with the Ophthalmology Residency Program of California Pacific Medical Center, the Ophthalmic Diagnostic Services, and the practices of other core faculty, thereby establishing The Pacific Vision Eye Institute.  In collaboration with the Pacific Vision Foundation, Lions Eye Foundation, and Sutter Health, The Pacific Vision Eye Institute provides charitable eye care to the underserved community.
Our most recent milestone occurred in 2020, with the opening of the Pacific Vision Surgery Center on the second floor. This has expanded the capabilities of San Francisco Eye Institute, allowing us to deliver world-class care from diagnosis to surgery, all in one location.
Serving patients from the Bay Area to across the country and the world, we are a cornerstone in high quality eye care and welcome the opportunity to care for you.
Ophthalmic Diagnostic Services
The Pacific Vision Eye Institute also features an advanced diagnostic center on the second floor of our building. This facility is fully equipped with state-of-the-art diagnostic technology, including:
Specular Microscopy
for non-invasive corneal endothelial cell count in Fuchs Corneal Dystrophy
External Photography
for monitoring eye disease and production of an artificial iris
A-Scan and B-Scan Ultrasound
for evaluation of the eye with large cataracts
Advanced Biometry
for optimized refractive correction and cataract surgery
Pentacam®
for detailed corneal assessment in keratoconus and vision correction surgery
Optical Coherence Tomography
(OCT) for non-invasive corneal, retinal, and optic nerve imaging
Pacific Vision Surgery Center
In addition to founding San Francisco Eye Institute, Dr. Margaret Liu is also the Medical Director of the
Pacific Vision Surgery Center
, located in the same building at 711 Van Ness Avenue. This outpatient, ambulatory surgery center is exclusive to eye surgery and features two operating rooms equipped with all new, leading-edge technology that makes it possible for us to offer the latest techniques for cataract surgery, vision correction, cornea transplantation, and more.
Contact San Francisco Eye Institute
Contact Us
At San Francisco Eye Institute, each member of our team is fully dedicated to ensuring that our patients receive exceptional eye care and service. To learn more about your options for personalized, comprehensive eye care, we invite you to contact us.
The
doctors at San Francisco Eye Institute
have either authored or reviewed and approved this content.
Ensuring the
highest level of vision care
and individual attention possible.
Whether you just need a general eye exam, or if you are interested in reducing or eliminating your need for glasses or contacts, our team is here to help! Contact us to book an appointment today!
Contact Us
To request an appointment please use the
form below, or call:
(415) 421-8667
do or do not , there is no try
First Name
Last Name
Phone
Email
Procedure of Interest
Procedure of Interest
Cataract Surgery
EVO ICL
Vision Correction Surgery
Crosslinking
Dry ﻿Eye Treatment
General/Comprehensive Eye Care
Corneal Disease
Other
Message
*If you are applying for a position at San Francisco Eye Institute, please attach your resume below:
Attach resume here
File 1
Accepted file types: jpg, png, pdf, doc, docx
I accept the Terms of Use*
*By submitting this form you consent to receive phone calls, text messages and emails from SAN FRANCISCO EYE INSTITUTE. It is not a condition of purchasing any goods or services. You can opt out at any time, message/data rates may apply, and opting-in includes acceptance of the
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
. Communications through this website or via email are not encrypted and are not necessarily secure. Use of the internet or email is for your convenience only, and by using them, you assume the risk of unauthorized use.
By checking the box on the contact form, you agree to the Terms of Use listed here: Communications through our website or via email are not encrypted and are not necessarily secure. Use of the internet or email is for your convenience only, and by using them, you assume the risk of unauthorized use. By checking this box you hereby agree to hold San Francisco Eye Institute, its doctors and affiliates, harmless from any hacking or any other unauthorized use of your personal information by outside parties.
711 Van Ness Ave. #310, San Francisco, CA 94102
Call:
(415) 421-8667
Fax: (415) 421-5648
Hours: M-F 9am-5pm
Copyright © 2026 San Francisco Eye Institute, all rights reserved |
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Accessibility Statement
|
Sitemap
|
Change Cookie Preferences
|
Notice of Open Payments Database
Design
and
Marketing
by
SILVR
Call
Book
Location