URL: https://www.sfeyeinstitute.com

PHONE: +14154218667
Ophthalmology in San Francisco | Bay Area Eye Doctors
Skip To Main Content
Make a Payment
Vision Quiz
Book Online
Referral Center
About
About Our Practice
Meet Our Doctors
Dr. Margaret P. Liu
Dr. Joanne Choi
Dr. Patricia Wong
Dr. Cassandra Tran
Dr. Steven Cohen
Dr. Marc Cruciger
Dr. Lee K. Schwartz
Dr. Helena Cheng
Dr. Sandeep Kaur
Dr. Thomas M. Swift
Dr. Gary L. Aguilar
In the Media
Patient Testimonials
Online Reviews
★★★★★
Volunteer With Us
Cataracts
Cataract Surgery
Custom Cataract Surgery Packages
Intraocular Lens Options (IOLs)
RxSight® Light Adjustable Lens™
ORA with VerifEye
Vision Correction
Vision Correction Options
EVO ICL™ Lens
LASIK
PRK
Presbyopia
Refractive Lens Exchange (RLE)
Vision Candidacy Quiz
Cross Linking
Comprehensive Eye Care
Comprehensive Eye Care
Corneal Diseases
Dry Eye Syndrome
iLux
Glaucoma
Oculoplastics
Valeda® Light Therapy for Dry AMD
Patient Resources
Financing & Payment Options
Make a Payment
Insurance
Forms
Notice of Open Payments Database
Patient Stories
Robert’s Cataract Surgery Story
Chris’ ICL Story
Allen’s ICL Story
Jim P.’s Cataract Surgery Story
Leslie’s ICL Story
Mackey’s Cross Linking Story
Michael’s Cataract Surgery Story
Taylor’s Journey with Keratoconus
Contact Us
Book Online
Questions? Contact Us
Vision Quiz
Book Online
Make a Payment
Vision Quiz
Book Online
Referral Center
Referral Center
Our Locations
(415) 421-8667
Vision Quiz
Book Online
Experienced Eye Doctors in the
San Francisco Bay Area
Custom Vision Correction, Tailored to Your Needs
From cataract surgery and corneal treatments, to vision correction surgeries such as EVO ICL and LASIK, our team of expert eye doctors at San Francisco Eye Institute are committed to providing our patients with top quality eye care.
Book Online
Vision Candidacy Quiz
Now Offering
Walk-In Appointments
Learn more
4.9/5 Average Rating
We are so honored to have reached
1,000 Google Reviews
Click To Celebrate
Read Our Reviews
Vision Correction Surgery
Reduce or eliminate need for glasses and contacts
Very high rate of patient satisfaction
Near-immediate results
Short recovery period
Comfortable, 10-minute procedure
Cataract Surgery
Restore clear vision
Reduce glare
Reduce sensitivity to light
Restore color vision
Improve vision with Advanced IOLs
Valeda® Light Therapy for Dry AMD
First & only FDA-authorized light therapy for dry AMD
Non-invasive, in-office treatment
No injections, no surgery, no downtime
Clinically shown to improve visual function
Proactive care for a condition with limited options
Cross-Linking
Minimally-invasive
Strengthen the cornea
Stop or slow progression of keratoconus
Stop or slow progression of vision decline
Potentially avoid corneal transplant
Vision Correction Surgery
Imagine a life free of glasses!
No fogging, sliding, or pinching during your workouts and activities!
Whether you are nearsighted, farsighted, or have astigmatism or presbyopia, we offer customized vision correction surgery to help you reduce or even eliminate your dependence on glasses or contacts. When you meet with us to discuss your vision correction goals, we’ll assess your lifestyle, desires, and eye health to determine the best option for you. You can take our
free online vision correction quiz
to get started.
EVO ICL
LASIK
Refractive Lens Exchange
Cataract Surgery
Take back your freedom! 						Don’t let cataracts get in the way of living your best life.
Cataracts impact nearly one-half of all Americans by the age of 75, and can cause blurred or distorted vision, the muted appearance of colors, and difficulty seeing at night. Fortunately, this can be quickly treated with cataract surgery, which is one of the most frequently-performed surgical procedures. We also offer customized cataract surgery with advanced intraocular lenses that can help reduce your need for glasses or contact lenses after surgery.
Cataract Surgery
iLux® for Dry Eye MGD
Are you tired of struggling with dry, irritated, or watery eyes?
Restore comfort and health to your eyes with iLux®.
At San Francisco Eye Institute, our dry eye specialists are pleased to offer innovative, non-surgical treatment to alleviate dry eye symptoms caused by Meibomian Gland Dysfunction (MGD). With the SystaneⓇ iLux device, we can clear gland blockages that cause many dry eye symptoms, including red, itchy, watery, or gritty-feeling eyes in as little as 15 minutes.
iLux® Dry Eye Treatment
Cross-Linking
Stop the progression of keratoconus
or corneal ectasia with Cross-Linking
At San Francisco Eye Institute, our cornea specialists have extensive experience in treating keratoconus and corneal ectasia. With minimally-invasive corneal cross-linking, we can stiffen and strengthen the cornea, helping it to maintain its shape and preventing the progression of symptoms like distorted or blurry vision, light sensitivity, and increasing nearsightedness. We are one of the first practices in San Francisco to feature the only FDA-approved cross-linking device, the Glaukos iLink
TM
system.
Cross Linking
Our Physicians
Dedicated To Your Vision Goals
Margaret P. Liu, M.D.
I provide compassionate and skilled care in comprehensive ophthalmology as well as specialized treatment for cataracts and corneal diseases, such as Fuchs Corneal Dystrophy and Keratoconus.
View My Bio
Joanne Choi, M.D.
Dr. Joanne Choi is a board-certified ophthalmologist and fellowship-trained cornea specialist at San Francisco Eye Institute, offering advanced care in cataract surgery, corneal disease, and personalized vision correction.
View My Bio
Patricia C. Wong, M.D.
Dr. Patricia Wong is a board-certified and fellowship-trained glaucoma specialist at San Francisco Eye Institute. She offers both clinical and surgical management of glaucoma, and is dedicated to providing comprehensive eye care to her patients.
View My Bio
Gary L. Aguilar, M.D.
In addition to comprehensive eye care, I specialize in vision correction surgery and surgical treatment of complex eye conditions.
View My Bio
Steven Cohen, M.D.
Board Certified, Cornell educated. 36 years of experience in medical and surgical evaluation and treatment of the eyes. I offer full service contact lens care, including gas perm, soft, multifocal and toric lenses.
View My Bio
Marc Cruciger, M.D.
Dr. Cruciger is a board-certified ophthalmologist who recently joined us in 2019 after having been in practice in San Francisco for over 37 years. He offers comprehensive ophthalmological care.
View My Bio
Lee K. Schwartz, M.D.
I am an ophthalmologist with more than 53 years of experience in treating ocular disease. I specialize in consultations for cataract surgery and advanced vision correction procedures.
View My Bio
Helena Cheng, O.D.
I offer comprehensive eye care which includes examination of eye health, diagnosis and treatment of various eye diseases, glasses prescription and contact lens fitting.
View My Bio
Sandeep Kaur O.D.
Optometrist Dr. Sandeep Kaur is passionate about eye health and vision care. She is experienced in comprehensive eye exams, prescribing and fitting contact lenses and glasses, and more.
View My Bio
Thomas M. Swift, O.D.
With more than 40 years of experience as a board certified Optometrist, I specialize in comprehensive eye care.
View My Bio
Cassandra Tran, MD
Fellowship-trained in glaucoma, Dr. Tran combines medical and surgical treatment with cataract surgery and comprehensive eye care to help patients protect their vision long term.
View My Bio
Patient Experiences You Can Trust
4.9/5 Average Rating based on over 1000 reviews
I can only say good things about the San Francisco Eye Institute [SFEI]. The doctors and staff are the greatest. I have been immediately recognized and called by name by both the doctors and staff. Their care for my eye problems is the best. I highly recommend the San Francisco Eye Institute [SFEI] to all.
Marcial G.
Worth the drive over the bridge. Dr. Cheng is the best! Friendly, warm and knowledgeable. [She] makes me feel right at home and never [makes me] feel rushed. Same goes for the staff and Dr. Lui. Highly recommend [them].
Agatha L.
Easy to access, polite and efficient. Dr. Cruciger [is] very knowledgeable and explains everything, answers every question. My whole family uses San Francisco Eye Institute.
Kathy G.
[I am] so extremely happy with the doctors there and they attend to all my questions — even questions I didn’t think to ask. Highly recommend this practice!
Deb
In
the Media
Dr. Liu Featured in Parade Article About Face Mask Side Effects
Dr. Liu Highlighted as a Featured Expert Discussing Advanced IOL Options in Ophthalmology Management Magazine
Dr. Liu Featured In WebMD Article on Signs of Astigmatism
View all Media Articles
Ensuring the
highest level of vision care
and individual attention possible.
Whether you just need a general eye exam, or if you are interested in reducing or eliminating your need for glasses or contacts, our team is here to help! Contact us to book an appointment today!
Contact Us
To request an appointment please use the
form below, or call:
(415) 421-8667
do or do not , there is no try
First Name
Last Name
Phone
Email
Procedure of Interest
Procedure of Interest
Cataract Surgery
EVO ICL
Vision Correction Surgery
Crosslinking
Dry ﻿Eye Treatment
General/Comprehensive Eye Care
Corneal Disease
Other
Message
*If you are applying for a position at San Francisco Eye Institute, please attach your resume below:
Attach resume here
File 1
Accepted file types: jpg, png, pdf, doc, docx
I accept the Terms of Use*
*By submitting this form you consent to receive phone calls, text messages and emails from SAN FRANCISCO EYE INSTITUTE. It is not a condition of purchasing any goods or services. You can opt out at any time, message/data rates may apply, and opting-in includes acceptance of the
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
. Communications through this website or via email are not encrypted and are not necessarily secure. Use of the internet or email is for your convenience only, and by using them, you assume the risk of unauthorized use.
By checking the box on the contact form, you agree to the Terms of Use listed here: Communications through our website or via email are not encrypted and are not necessarily secure. Use of the internet or email is for your convenience only, and by using them, you assume the risk of unauthorized use. By checking this box you hereby agree to hold San Francisco Eye Institute, its doctors and affiliates, harmless from any hacking or any other unauthorized use of your personal information by outside parties.
711 Van Ness Ave. #310, San Francisco, CA 94102
Call:
(415) 421-8667
Fax: (415) 421-5648
Hours: M-F 9am-5pm
Copyright © 2026 San Francisco Eye Institute, all rights reserved |
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Accessibility Statement
|
Sitemap
|
Change Cookie Preferences
|
Notice of Open Payments Database
Design
and
Marketing
by
SILVR
Call
Book
Location