URL: http://www.weileyecare.com/about

PHONE: +16506542133
EMAIL: receptionist@weileyecare.com
Ophthalmologist Leslie J. Weil | Weil Eye Care Medical Center Inc.
(650) 654-2133
receptionist@weileyecare.com
Home
About
Meet Dr. Leslie Weil
Patient Testimonials
Services
Botox & Fillers
Cataract
Diabetic Eye Disease
Dry Eye Disease
Eye Exams
Glaucoma
Macular Degeneration
Pediatric Ophthalmology
Our Frames
Patient Forms
Get In Touch
Request an Appointment
HOME
MEET DR. LESLIE WEIL
Meet Dr. Leslie Weil
SAN CARLOS BOARD-CERTIFIED OPHTHALMOLOGIST
Leslie J. Weil, MD
Leslie Weil, MD, is a board-certified ophthalmologist and founder of the state-of-the-art Weil Eye Care Medical Center in San Carlos, California. Since 2003, Dr. Weil has provided expert, patient-focused eye care, helping patients of all ages to see clearly and protect their eye health.
Dr. Weil earned her medical degree at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. After serving her internship, she went on to complete her ophthalmology residency at the University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics, one of the top 10 ophthalmology residency programs in the United States. Dr. Weil is a fellow of the American Academy of Ophthalmology and a member of the San Mateo County Medical Association and the Peninsula Eye Society.
As an ophthalmologist, Dr. Weil offers extensive eye exams, not only measuring patients’ visual acuity, but also diagnosing and treating a wide range of eye diseases including glaucoma, macular degeneration, cataracts, and dry eye disease. Dr. Weil also offers pediatric ophthalmology services to help children and their families cope with common childhood eye health issues like amblyopia and strabismus.
Outside of her practice, Dr. Weil enjoys spending time with her family and friends, taking her dog on beach walks and traveling. Dr. Weil is also active in her community, offering financial support to local schools.
Request an appointment with Dr. Leslie Weil today for comprehensive and professional eye care tailored to your needs.
Request an Appointment
Ophthalmology, botox & fillers in San Carlos, CA.
Helpful Links
Our Services
Patient Forms
Request an Appointment
Legal Pages
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Statement
Weil Eye Care Medical Center © All rights reserved. Created by
DearDoc
.