URL: https://www.manneye.com/locations-directions/south-austin-location/?y_source=1_OTA3NDc4OC01NTMtbG9jYXRpb24ud2Vic2l0ZQ%3D%3D

PHONE: +15123274123
PHONE: +19793214034
LASIK Austin | LASIK Eye Surgery Austin | Mann Eye Institute
Skip to main menu
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Referring Providers
Call Us
Schedule Online
About Us
Legacy & Community
Invite Us To Your Health Fair or to Sponsor Your Event!
Eye Health News & Blog
Services
LASIK
Free LASIK Self-Test
LASIK Savings Calculator
Affordable LASIK Payments
LASIK Technology
EVO ICL
Cataract Surgery
Active Life Lenses
Cataract Options Quiz
Laser Cataract Surgery
Secondary Cataract Treatment
Over 40 Vision Correction
Refractive Lens Exchange
Cosmetics
Dry Eye Treatment
MYE Drop
Glaucoma Management
Retina Diseases
LumiThera: Dry AMD Treatment
Cornea Treatment
General Eye Care
Myopia Management
Glasses and Contacts
Keratoconus Crosslinking
Doctors
Financing
Careers
Locations
Order Contacts
Make A Payment
Referring Providers 4/16/26
Schedule Online
LASIK Self-Test
Get Pricing
Premier Providers of
LASIK in Austin
(512) 327-4123
2600 Via Fortuna
Suite 400
Austin, TX 78746
Hours of Operation
Mon – Thurs 8am – 5pm
Fri 8am – 2pm
Welcome To Our
Austin Barton Creek Location
Mann Eye Institute is an Austin ophthalmology practice focused on a wide variety of refractive surgery, including
LASIK eye surgery
. We encourage you to read more about
LASIK
eye surgery on this page, and feel free to ask any questions. To determine if you are a candidate for LASIK, schedule a FREE LASIK consultation today. If you are looking for a top Austin LASIK practice, you have found the right place. Mann Eye Institute has highly experienced LASIK surgeons who have performed thousands of successful vision correction procedures.
Schedule Your Risk-Free, No-Obligation, 100%
FREE LASIK Consultation Today!
We Can Help You Improve Your Vision
Our LASIK Center Brand Promise.
As an Austin LASIK patient, you might have a few questions. At Mann Eye Institute, our patients receive dedicated one-on-one guidance from our compassionate team of vision experts, who are with you each step of the way with thoughtful counsel and clear communication.
Our experts take time to educate patients on all appropriate vision correction treatments, not just LASIK, carefully explaining your options in a customized way. Mann Eye Institute delivers excellent individualized care, ensuring you fully understand the solutions best suited for your eyes and lifestyle before moving forward.
Our team of world-class LASIK surgeons together brings years of specialized experience. Their unmatched expertise offers our patients an unparalleled quality of care, resulting in consistently outstanding visual outcomes and maximum satisfaction.
Our Austin Surgeons
Our Austin
LASIK Surgeons
are board-certified, highly trained ophthalmologists who regularly participate in research involving innovative, ground-breaking technologies.
Dr.Ashley Brundrett
Dr. David Tremblay
Dr. Paul Mann
Dr. Mike Mann
Dr. Tran Nguyen
Nearsightedness (You can’t see far away)
Farsightedness (You can’t see up close)
Astigmatism (Blurring at both distances)
What Is
LASIK Eye Surgery?
LASIK eye surgery is a vision correction procedure performed with lasers that aims to correct nearsightedness, farsightedness, and astigmatism.
LASIK
can be successful at helping patients reduce or eliminate the need for glasses and contact lenses. LASIK surgery is the most popular refractive surgery in the United States today. It is safe and typically only takes a few minutes per eye. LASIK, or “laser-assisted in situ Keratomileusis”, can correct refractive errors such as nearsightedness, farsightedness, and astigmatism.
During the LASIK procedure, one of our Austin LASIK surgeons will use a femtosecond laser to create a thin, circular flap on the surface of the cornea. This flap is then folded back to expose the inner layers of the cornea. Then, the cornea is reshaped using an excimer laser, which removes small amounts of corneal tissue. Lastly, the flap in the cornea is then replaced and acts as self-healing healing bandage, requiring no stitches.
Step 1a: A tiny opening is created on the surface of the eye using a femtosecond laser. This opening is called the corneal flap (think of it as a little door).
Step 1b: The “flap” is gently pulled back to allow access to the cornea, the area that needs to be reshaped.
Step 2a: A second laser – the excimer laser – is used to gently change the shape of the cornea according to the customized maps we made at your consultation (this is what allows you to then see clearly).
Step 2b: The “flap” is gently put back into place. And without any bandages or stitches, it naturally self-seals. Most people are back to work the next day.
96%
Of People Are Seeing
20/20 Or Better
After Having LASIK at Mann Eye Institute
Laser Vision Correction is the most popular elective procedure in the world.
What is the Cost of LASIK?
The average cost of LASIK in Austin is between $1800 to $4000 per eye. There are a few factors that go into the price of LASIK. The two most important factors are the level of technology and the surgeons’ experience.
Mann Eye Institute has some of Austin’s finest and most experienced surgeons who have performed thousands of successful procedures. Not only are we confident we can help our patients, but we are working for the best possible outcome for each patient. The next factor of importance is technology, and like surgeon experience, the technology within Austin area practices varies widely. We utilize only premier, cutting-edge LASIK technology, including the Contoura Vision system and EX-500 excimer laser. These advanced solutions allow our surgeons to perform vision correction treatments with an unprecedented degree of precision and personalization for superior surgical outcomes and patient satisfaction.
LASIK technology has advanced remarkably over the past 25 years. While the investment may be greater, we believe utilizing modern bladeless lasers, rather than outdated equipment, provides meaningful benefits that our patients value greatly. This advanced technology enables our surgeons to achieve a higher level of precision and consistently deliver superior outcomes. Because LASIK is considered an elective procedure, insurance usually does not cover it. Our Austin LASIK center does offer flexible payment plans or bundled pricing to offset some of the out-of-pocket costs for patients. Patient financing is available with three different financing options as well. Our LASIK coordinators will be happy to work with you and select the plan that works best for you.
When researching LASIK procedures, understand that advertisements featuring unusually low price-per-eye offers may come with additional undisclosed costs or conditional stipulations. We believe patients should feel fully confident they are receiving transparent, ethical guidance. Our center provides detailed, predictable pricing upfront for your peace of mind, accounting for all individual factors so you know exactly what to anticipate without surprise fees. Our goal is to ensure all patients experience comfortable, customized care that fits their budget.
Learn More About Financing
Our LASIK Technology – And Why it Matters
LASIK has been around long enough that it’s easy to think that it’s a one-size-fits-all procedure, and that it’s the same no matter where you go. The truth is, LASIK has had some major upgrades over the years and you’d be doing yourself a disservice to get anything less than the best (these are your eyes we’re talking about!)
So what is it that makes LASIK at Mann Eye Institute extra special? The doctors? Yes. The experience? Yes. And the technology, specifically when it comes to Contoura and Iris Registration.
Contoura:
100 Times More Custom*
All modern LASIK systems will take imaging of your eye, but Contoura measures 22,000 points (whoa!) on your eye (compared to around 200 for most other imaging systems).
That degree of customization is what allows for the amazing outcomes that Mann Eye is known for.
Iris Registration:
Alignment Matters
In the past, doctors have used small marks to keep track of the small rotation caused by going from a seated to lying position, but Iris Registration uses a picture of your iris to remove any human error from the equation.
The better the alignment of the laser treatment, the higher the quality of the surgical result.
Don’t be fooled into thinking all LASIK is the same. Mann Eye can show you what truly Advanced LASIK can do for you.
Schedule Your Free Consultation
What People Are Saying
Real LASIK Eye Surgery Reviews
“My experience at Mann Eye was great! They were very friendly and willing to answer any questions I had. During the surgery they were very patient and encouraging during the process. I would highly recommend them to anyone who is thinking about getting LASIK. I specifically want to thank Chris, Deborah, Megan, Anyssa, Andi, and Dr. Mike Mann for making my experience great!”
Jordan Levine
“Three weeks post op and I am very pleased with my result and the process at Mann Eye. I knew LASIK would be life changing, and have wanted to get it done for many years but was very anxious about the surgery – the Mann Eye team was kind and patient, took the time to explain everything/answered my questions. Surgery itself and the associated minor discomfort of the flap creation was so brief and well handled by the surgery team that I didn’t have time to get anxious. From a -6.00 prescription to 20/20 vision 24 hrs post op is a miracle.”
Eleanor Smith
Read Yelp Reviews
Read Google Reviews
Read All Reviews
Vision Correction For All Ages
18-45
LASIK Eye Surgery
45-60
Lens Replacement Surgery
Presbyopia Correction
60+
Cataract Surgery
Advanced Lens
Hours of Operation
Monday: 8:00am – 5:00pm
Tuesday: 8:00am – 5:00pm
Wednesday: 8:00am – 5:00pm
Thursday: 8:00am – 5:00pm
Friday: 8:00am – 2:00pm
Holiday Hours
New Years Eve, Wednesday, December 31, 2025: 8:00am – 2:00pm
New Years Day, Thursday, January 1, 2026: Closed
Directions
Mann Eye Institute’s flagship Austin LASIK center is located just off the South Mopac Expressway and Capital of Texas Highway on Via Fortuna. Building One. Take the elevator to the fourth floor, follow the hallway to the right to suite 400.
South Austin Cataract Surgeons
Paul Mann, MD, FACS
Mike Mann, MD
Ashley Brundrett, MD
David Tremblay, MD
Routine Eye Care Providers
Honour Cessac, OD
Divya Pillai, OD, FAAO
Melissa Huynh, OD, FAAO
Joseph A. Janes, OD, FAAO
*
Kaylee White, OD, MS
*
: Limited Availability
Get Started!
Don’t wait any longer to take charge of your eye health and vision! Schedule your appointment now to experience unparalleled eye care services.
Request an Appointment
Schedule An Appointment
Call Mann Eye
Read Our Blog
If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call TTY
(979) 321-4034
.
Facts About Mann Eye Institute
Privacy Policy
Notice of Privacy Practices
Accessibility Statement
Notice of Patient Rights and Protection Against Surprise Medical Billing
ACA Section 1557 Notice
About Us
Legacy & Community
Doctors
Services
Financing
Careers
Locations
Contact
Schedule An Appointment
Top of Page
X
WARNING:
Internet Explorer does not support modern web standards. This site may not function
correctly on this browser and is best viewed on
Chrome
,
Firefox
or
Edge
browsers.
Learn More
.