URL: http://www.uptowneyeboutique.com

Optometrist & Eye Doctor in Johns Creek, GA | Uptown Eye Boutique
top of page
SCHEDULE EYE EXAM
PAYMENT PORTAL
Tel: 770-558-1850
SCHEDULE EYE EXAM
SCHEDULE EYE EXAM
Home
ER Prescrip Smart Glasses in the Southea
Even Realities Progressive Lenses
Even Realities Smart Glasses
Insurance Accepted
About Us
Services
Same Day Glasses
Progressive Lenses
Designer Glasses
VSP Eye Doctor
Eyemed Eye Doctor
Contact Lens Exam
Pediatric Eye Exams
Myopia Management
Dry Eye Treatment
Eye Infections and Red Eyes
Scleral Contact Lenses
Soft Contact Lenses
Diabetic Retinopathy
Glaucoma Testing
Age-related Macular Degeneration (AMD)
Eye Exams
Team
Brands
Reviews
Contact Us
Optometrist and Eye Doctor in Johns Creek
Johns Creek’s Most Exclusive Collection of Eyewear and Sunglasses
SCHEDULE EYE EXAM
Book Now
Uptown Eye Boutique
At Uptown Eye Boutique, we put to use a combination of over two decades of eye care experience and state of the art equipment to provide patients with an experience that is specific to their individual needs. Dr. Schultz has over 20 years of experience in primary eye care, treatment and management of ocular disease, specialty contact lens fitting, and surgical comanagement. Quality patient care is our highest priority. Regardless of the reason for your visit, we take the time to do it right.
About
Our
Services
Services
Comprehensive Eye Exams.
Complete evaluation of visual function and eye health utilizing the most advanced ophthalmic  technology. This includes providing your most up to date prescription utilizing digital refractive technology.
Treatment and Management of ocular disease.
Treatment of eye infections, anterior segment disease, ocular allergies, and dry eye disease.
Emergency red eye visits.
Comprehensive diagnostic testing and evaluation for glaucoma utilizing full threshold visual field analysis and optical coherence tomography (OCT).
Monitoring and evaluating macular degeneration and other retinal pathology using OCT and panoramic high definition retinal photography (OPTOS).
Contact Lens Services
Contact lenses for nearsightedness, farsightedness, astigmatism, and presbyopia (patients who require bifocals, multifocals, or reading glasses).
Therapeutic scleral contact lenses for dry eyes and keratoconus.
Myopia management in pediatric patients with soft bifocal lenses.
Surgical Comanagement of LASIK and other refractive surgery procedures.
Partnering with the most skilled surgeons in the Metro Atlanta area to provide pre and post operative care for LASIK, PRK, Clear Lens Exchange/Presbyopic lens exchange (Prelex), and Implantable Contact Lens (ICL) procedures.
SCHEDULE EYE EXAM
Our Eye Care Specialists
Our Team
Dr Brian Schultz
Dr. Schultz hails from the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area. He completed his Bachelor of Science in Biology from Oakland University in Rochester Hills, Michigan in 1996 and his Doctorate of Optometry from the Illinois College of Optometry in Chicago in 2000. Over the past two decades, the scope of Doctor Schultz’s experience spans the full spectrum of Optometry, from working in the corporate optometric environment to working exclusively within the medical side of the profession alongside Ophthalmologists. In 2011, Dr. Schultz and Mark Meyberg played an integral role as partners in establishing a very successful private practice in metro Atlanta, where they remained until 2021. Now, they have once again teamed up to create Uptown Eye Boutique where they will continue to deliver excellence in care and service. Dr. Schultz is currently an active member of the Georgia Optometric Association and American Optometric Association. He enjoys spending time with his wife and son, playing guitar, traveling, and being outdoors.
Mark Meyberg
Mark Meyberg is a native of South Africa. He is a Licensed Dispensing Optician with 20 years of experience. Mark has spent his career as an Optician at some of the most premier opticals in the Atlanta metro area. During this time, he has provided lifestyle management of eyewear needs for thousands of patients. He has gained extensive experience troubleshooting and solving problems with frames and prescriptions. Mark is dedicated to identifying his patients' visual requirements. This provides each patient with a customized experience and solutions to their eyewear needs. Mark enjoys spending time with his wife and
four daughters, socializing, and traveling.
SCHEDULE APPOINTMENT
Our Brands
Our Brands
Client
Reviews
Reviews
Vision & Medical Insurance Plans
To play, press and hold the enter key. To stop, release the enter key.
Contact
Our Address
Medlock Crossing
9700 Medlock Bridge Rd
Suite # 120 - B
Johns Creek, Ga 30097
Operating Hours
Monday           9:00am - 5:30pm
Tuesday           9:00am - 5:30pm
Wednesday     9:00am - 3:00pm
Thursday          9:00am - 5:30pm
Friday                8:00am - 5:00pm
Saturday           9:00am - 5:00pm
Sunday              Closed
Contact Us
First Name
Last Name
Phone
Your Message
Submit
Thanks for submitting!
© 2026 Uptown Eye Boutique · 9700 Medlock Bridge Rd, Suite 120B, Johns Creek, GA 30097 · (770) 558-1850
bottom of page