URL: http://www.siteforsoreeyes.com/about-us

About Us - Site for Sore Eyes
Skip to main content
Homepage
About Us
Find a Location
Brands
Designer Frames
Lenses
Contact Lenses
Offers
Vision Health
Insurance
Book Appointment
About Us
About the Company
For over 40 years, Site for Sore Eyes has been providing professional eye care and incredible customer service across Northern California.
Visit any location and find an extensive selection of eyeglasses, contact lenses, and designer sunglasses for the entire family, all at a great value. At Site for Sore Eyes, no matter what your budget, we offer fashion for everyone!
Eye exams are available with an Independent Doctor of Optometry, conveniently located at Site for Sore Eyes.
Company History
Since 1979, with the establishment of its first store in Berkeley, CA, Site for Sore Eyes has gained a reputation for providing exceptional service in everything from quality eyewear to professional eye exams (which are provided by Independent Doctors of Optometry conveniently located inside Site for Sore Eyes). Today, this franchise has expanded to over 40 stores, each conveniently located and staffed with courteous salespeople and opticians to serve the eye care needs of the Northern California region.
1979
The first Site for Sore Eyes optical store opened in Berkeley, California in 1979.
1985
By 1985, this vision care chain had expanded to eight stores, and a successful optical franchising program was set in motion.
1993
In 1993, this ever-growing company that served the optical needs of Northern California was purchased by Emerging Vision, Inc.
2008
As of 2008, Site for Sore Eyes – combined with its sister chain, Sterling Optical – had nearly 200 locations nationwide. Site for Sore Eyes optical stores have been repeatedly honored by the publications, Crain’s ‘Franchise Buyer’ and Entrepreneur Magazine as among the top franchise operators in the United States, and in the top ten optical retailers as reported by Vision Monday.
Today
Today, Site for Sore Eyes remains the preeminent retail optical brand in the Bay Area, with over 40 retail locations.
Frequently Asked Questions
What are your store hours?
All stores have convenient hours to fit your schedule, and many stores are open seven days a week. Store hours vary by location. You can verify the exact hours by contacting the location you intend to visit. For specific information, see our
Store Locator
page.
Where can I get an eye exam?
Contact your local Site for Sore Eyes location to schedule an appointment.
How long does it take before my glasses are ready?
Eyewear is a custom order and the time required to fulfill your order varies. Some glasses are made within one to two hours – and these even include bifocals and progressives.
Do you carry children’s glasses?
Yes, many locations carry a selection of children’s glasses.
Do you carry sport and sunglasses?
All locations offer a large selection of sport and sun eyewear in both prescription and non-prescription lenses.
Do you sell contact lenses?
Yes, we carry a large selection of contact lenses. These include specialty lenses, such as astigmatism correction, bifocal, multi focal and gas permeable lenses.
What if I don’t like my glasses after I get them?
Site for Sore Eyes offers a 30-day satisfaction guarantee. If you are unhappy with your new glasses for any reason, we will exchange them for you. Additionally, we will craft new lenses at no charge (up to the original purchase amount). See participating locations for details.
What if my doctor changes my prescription after I get my glasses?
Site for Sore Eyes will remake any doctor’s change at no charge for up to 30 days after your receive your new eyewear.
How much can I expect to pay for my new glasses?
That depends. The frame and the type of lens you need (e.g., single vision, bifocals, etc.) are factors in the cost. However, with Site for Sore Eyes’s everyday low prices, you can be sure to find the right eyewear at the right price.
Do you accept my insurance?
Site for Sore Eyes gladly accepts most
insurance plans
. If not, Site for Sore Eyes will gladly provide you with a discount on the purchase of a complete pair of glasses. For those eligible for out-of-network benefits, we will assist you with the paperwork for processing your claim.
Sign up for special offers, news, and more.
Email
(Required)
Subscribe
By entering your email and clicking Subscribe, you consent to our collection of your information and agree to our
Digital Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
.
Quick Links
Digital Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Notice of Privacy Practices
Store Policy
Accessibility Statement
Sitemap
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Careers
Franchise Opportunities
Social Media
©Site for Sore Eyes is a retail brand and registered trademark of Emerging Vision, Inc.
Optical Marketing by
The EGC Group