URL: https://www.siteforsoreeyes.com/palo-alto-location/about

PHONE: +16503272020
EMAIL: optician-pa@sfsepa.com
Eye Glasses & Prescription Eyewear | Site for Sore Eyes Palo Alto
Skip to main content
Homepage
About Us
Find a Location
Brands
Designer Frames
Lenses
Contact Lenses
Offers
Vision Health
Insurance
Book Appointment
Welcome to Site for Sore Eyes
Eye Care Center in
Palo Alto
On-Page Navigation
Skip to
Offers
Skip to
About Our Store
Skip to
Brands
Skip to
Vision Plans
Skip to
Doctors
Address
460 University Ave.
Palo Alto, CA 94301
Get Directions
Book Appointment
at our Palo Alto location
Store Hours
Mon
Closed
Tue
10:00am - 6:00pm
Wed
10:00am - 6:00pm
Thu
10:00am - 6:00pm
Fri
10:00am - 6:00pm
Sat
10:00am - 5:00pm
Sun
Closed
Contact Info
Call us at
650-327-2020
Fax us at
650-327-2039
Text us at
650-327-2020
Email us at
optician-pa@sfsepa.com
Email Us
Read Reviews
Exclusive Offers
Only at Site for Sore Eyes Palo Alto
Complete Pair of Designer Eyeglasses
$
99
with single-vision CR-39 lenses
*
Digital Eye Strain?
Blue Light Blocking
#
50
%
OFF
preferred practice patients
Acuvue® Brand Contact Lenses
New Wearers
Save Additional
$
50
in preferred upgrade rewards!
^
Why choose Site for Sore Eyes Palo Alto?
Site for Sore Eyes is one of the leading providers of quality eye care treatment and services. We specialize in making great eye care products, all at affordable prices. At our store in Palo Alto, we have one of the most extensive collections of discount premium eyewear, ophthalmic lenses, and contact lenses for both children and adults. We also have a huge inventory of couture eyewear from designers such as Linberg, Celina, Tom Ford, Salt Optics, Maui Jim, and DITA, among others. Best of all, we make everything affordable. If you’re not completely satisfied with your glasses, frames, or any other product – we give you a full 30 days to exchange it. We even accept CareCredit® and most health insurance plans. Visit the Site for Sore Eyes store in Palo Alto, CA on University Avenue and find out why our store has a long-standing reputation for providing excellent customer service.
Eye Exams & Affordable Eye Care in Palo Alto
The Site for Sore Eyes store in Palo Alto, CA is where you can find professional eye care services and designer frames at affordable prices. With our personal attention and unbeatable selection, we’re sure you’re going to love the experience you have here. When you think “eye care in Palo Alto,” you will think of Site for Sore Eyes.
Our Brands
We carry popular designer brands and the latest styles to fit your style and budget. Stop by your neighborhood Site for Sore Eyes location to view our complete collection.
2000 Spirit Titanium
4U
Acetate
Adidas
Adin Thomas
Alain Mikli
Altair
Anna Sui
Bebe
Cadillac
Candies
Capri Optics
Catherine Deneuve
Celine
Cinzia
Cote D’Azur
CoverGirl
David Benjamin
Dicaprio
DITA
Easy Clip
Easytwist
Fendi
Flexure
Fysh
Gant
Gotti
Gucci
Guess
Guess by Marciano
Guess Kids
Inspira
INTRIGUE
Joseph Abboud
Kate Spade
Kio Yamato
Koali
Lafont
Legre
Leon Max
Liberty Sport
Lightec
Lindberg
Marchon NYC
Maui Jim
Menizzi
Michael Ryen
Modo
N.O.W.
Nike
Nine West
Oakley®
Penguin
Persol
Porsche Design
Randy Jackson
Ray-Ban®
Ray-Ban Jr
Roger
Saint Laurent
Salt Optics
Salvatore Ferragamo
Scott Harris
Silhouette
Takumi
Thalia
Timberland
TOM FORD®
Tory Burch
Valentino
Zero G
Vision Plans We Accept
In most cases, we are able to bill your vision insurance provider directly, thereby saving you time and out-of-pocket expenses for whatever your visit was for: eyeglasses, eyewear, contact lenses, or eye exams. The plans we accept include:
Blue Shield of California
EyeMed
Spectera
Superior Vision
Don’t see your insurance listed? Call this store at
650-327-2020
to check for additional accepted insurance plans.
Use your FSA (flex spending account) and HSA (health savings account) funds on eye exams, eyeglasses, and contact lenses!
About The Doctor:
Dr. Shireen Haghshenas
Independent Doctor of Optometry at Site for Sore Eyes
Book Appointment
Notice:
You are now being directed to schedule an appointment with an Independent Doctor of Optometry.
Proceed
Cancel
About the Doctor:
Dr. Shireen Haghshenas
Independent Doctor of Optometry at Site for Sore Eyes
Dr. Shireen Haghshenas is a Bay Area native, born and raised in the South Bay. She graduated from high school in Saratoga, CA, and went on to earn a Bachelor of Science in Cognitive Science with a focus on neuroscience from UC Davis, graduating with honors. Following this, she obtained her Doctor of Optometry degree from UC Berkeley. She has completed externships at the Stanford Byers Eye Institute, San Francisco VA Medical Center, and Hayward Wellness Center.
In addition to providing routine eye exams, Dr. Shireen offers a range of services aimed at enhancing and preserving her patients’ eye health. With extensive experience in specialty contact lenses, she is committed to helping her patients achieve optimal vision tailored to their lifestyles. She is also certified in MiSight and Orthokeratology, therapies designed to slow the progression of myopia (nearsightedness). Additionally, Dr. Shireen is passionate about dry eye management and recognizes the importance of personalized treatment plans, particularly given the commonality of dry eye in today’s digital environment. She is certified to manage various ocular diseases, and is committed to enhancing the quality of life for her patients with binocular vision disorders.
Dr. Shireen is a member of the American Optometric Association and California Optometric Association, and can perform optometric exams in English, Farsi, and Spanish. In her leisure time, Dr. Shireen enjoys hiking, discovering new dining spots, traveling, and spending quality time with friends and family.
SERVICES PROVIDED
• Comprehensive Eye Exams
• Contact Lens Exams
• Myopia Management
• Ocular Disease Management
• Specialty Contact Lenses
• Dry Eye Therapy
• Urgent Eye Care
To learn more, visit
aovoptometry.com
Eye Exams available by an Independent Doctor of Optometry conveniently located at Site for Sore Eyes. Site for Sore Eyes does not employ the optometrist nor do they provide eye exams.
*
On purchase of frames from a select group of designer brands with single-vision CR-39 plastic lenses. Inventory will vary by location, while supplies last.  Cannot be combined with insurance or other offers. Other restrictions may apply. See store for details. Limited time offer.
Return to disclaimer reference link
#
With purchase of a complete pair of eyeglasses (frames and lenses) with blue light coating. Cannot be combined with insurance or other offers. Other restrictions may apply. Valid at participating locations. See store for details. Limited time offer.
Return to disclaimer reference link
^
Offer valid on purchase of eligible supply quantities of ACUVUE® branded contact lenses at Acuvue Preferred Practice retail locations. See full terms and conditions at MyAcuvueRewards.com and complete online reward form within 60 days of purchase. [2025PP16801 | AS112505]
Return to disclaimer reference link
Sign up for special offers, news, and more.
Email
(Required)
Subscribe
By entering your email and clicking Subscribe, you consent to our collection of your information and agree to our
Digital Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
.
Quick Links
Digital Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Notice of Privacy Practices
Store Policy
Accessibility Statement
Sitemap
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Careers
Franchise Opportunities
Social Media
©Site for Sore Eyes is a retail brand and registered trademark of Emerging Vision, Inc.
Optical Marketing by
The EGC Group