URL: https://www.siteforsoreeyes.com/san-francisco-fillmore-street-location/about-us

PHONE: +14159220660
San Francisco Fillmore Street - Site for Sore Eyes
Skip to main content
Homepage
About Us
Find a Location
Brands
Designer Frames
Lenses
Contact Lenses
Offers
Vision Health
Insurance
Book Appointment
Welcome to Site for Sore Eyes
Eye Care Center in
San Francisco Fillmore Street
On-Page Navigation
Skip to
Offers
Skip to
About Our Store
Skip to
Brands
Skip to
Vision Plans
Skip to
Doctors
Address
1833 Fillmore Street, Suite 100
San Francisco, CA 94115
Between Bush Street and Sutter Street
Get Directions
Book Appointment
at our San Francisco Fillmore Street location
Store Hours
Mon
10:00am - 6:00pm
Tue
10:00am - 6:00pm
Wed
10:00am - 6:00pm
Thu
10:00am - 6:00pm
Fri
10:00am - 6:00pm
Sat
10:00am - 3:00pm
Sun
Closed
Contact Info
Call us at
415-922-0660
Fax us at
415-922-1090
Read Reviews
Exclusive Offers
Only at Site for Sore Eyes San Francisco Fillmore Street
Complete Pair of Designer Eyeglasses
$
99
with single-vision CR-39 lenses
*
Digital Eye Strain?
Blue Light Blocking
#
50
%
OFF
preferred practice patients
Acuvue® Brand Contact Lenses
New Wearers
Save Additional
$
50
in preferred upgrade rewards!
^
Why choose Site for Sore Eyes San Francisco Fillmore Street?
Site for Sore Eyes is committed to providing quality eye care and the best eyewear to the community. We carry some of the most popular designer brands that include Tom Ford, Prada, Gucci, Calvin Klein, and Ray Ban, among others. Let our skilled, courteous staff help you find the frame to fit your lifestyle, because from this wide selection, we can certainly help find the right choice for you. With the latest eyewear frames and highest quality lenses, matched by our sense of service, our goal is to see that you to leave our store as a satisfied customer.
Eye Exams & Affordable Eye Care in San Francisco Fillmore Street
The Site for Sore Eyes store on Fillmore Street is known for providing the highest quality eye care services in the area. From state-of-the-art eye exams (provided by Dr. Monica Chernoguz, Independent Doctor of Optometry) to our large inventory of designer eyeglasses, contact lenses, sunglasses, and other optical products, we take pride in servicing our customers with an unprecedented level of customer service and eyewear products.
Our Brands
We carry popular designer brands and the latest styles to fit your style and budget. Stop by your neighborhood Site for Sore Eyes location to view our complete collection.
Airlock
Calvin Klein
Cinzia
Cole Haan
Dragon
Ermenegildo Zegna
Flexon
Flexure
Gucci
Hackett
Inspira
Jhane Barnes
Joseph Abboud
Kate Spade
Kensie
Koali
Leon Max
Lightec
Max Studio
Modo
Oakley®
Penguin
Polaroid
Prada
Prodesign
Randy Jackson
Ray-Ban®
Salvatore Ferragamo
Scott Harris
Sophia Loren
Stetson
Timex
TOM FORD®
Vera Wang
Wiley X
Zac Posen
Vision Plans We Accept
In most cases, we are able to bill your vision insurance provider directly, thereby saving you time and out-of-pocket expenses for whatever your visit was for: eyeglasses, eyewear, contact lenses, or eye exams. The plans we accept include:
Aetna
Always Care
Avesis
Blue Cross Blue Shield
Coast to Coast Vision
Davis Vision
EyeMed
Optum Health Care
Spectera
Superior Vision
Don’t see your insurance listed? Call this store at
415-922-0660
to check for additional accepted insurance plans.
Use your FSA (flex spending account) and HSA (health savings account) funds on eye exams, eyeglasses, and contact lenses!
About The Doctor:
Monica Chernoguz
Independent Doctor of Optometry at Site for Sore Eyes
Book Appointment
Notice:
You are now being directed to schedule an appointment with an Independent Doctor of Optometry.
Proceed
Cancel
About the Doctor:
Monica Chernoguz
Independent Doctor of Optometry at Site for Sore Eyes
Monica Chernoguz, an Independent Doctor of Optometry. Chernoguz joined the Site for Sore Eyes team in August of 2016. She completed her doctorate in Optometry from the University of California Berkeley, where she received the Eschenbach’s Excellence in Low Vision Award. She completed her undergraduate degree in Health Science and Policy from Brandeis University in Waltham, Massachusetts, just a few miles from Boston. Her education includes a wide range of studies including the following: low vision evaluations, binocular vision disorders, pediatric optometry, and ocular pathology detection, as well as other associated topics.
Chernoguz is a therapeutic and glaucoma certified optometrist, and is a member of the American Optometric Association. She lives in San Francisco, where she was born and raised. Outside of being an eye doctor, she enjoys traveling, cooking, and spending time with her family.
Monica Chernoguz looks forward to providing you with excellence in eye care through her thorough comprehensive eye exams!
Eye Exams available by an Independent Doctor of Optometry conveniently located at Site for Sore Eyes. Site for Sore Eyes does not employ the optometrist nor do they provide eye exams.
*
On purchase of frames from a select group of designer brands with single-vision CR-39 plastic lenses. Inventory will vary by location, while supplies last.  Cannot be combined with insurance or other offers. Other restrictions may apply. See store for details. Limited time offer.
Return to disclaimer reference link
#
With purchase of a complete pair of eyeglasses (frames and lenses) with blue light coating. Cannot be combined with insurance or other offers. Other restrictions may apply. Valid at participating locations. See store for details. Limited time offer.
Return to disclaimer reference link
^
Offer valid on purchase of eligible supply quantities of ACUVUE® branded contact lenses at Acuvue Preferred Practice retail locations. See full terms and conditions at MyAcuvueRewards.com and complete online reward form within 60 days of purchase. [2025PP16801 | AS112505]
Return to disclaimer reference link
Sign up for special offers, news, and more.
Email
(Required)
Subscribe
By entering your email and clicking Subscribe, you consent to our collection of your information and agree to our
Digital Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
.
Quick Links
Digital Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Notice of Privacy Practices
Store Policy
Accessibility Statement
Sitemap
Get in Touch
Contact Us
Careers
Franchise Opportunities
Social Media
©Site for Sore Eyes is a retail brand and registered trademark of Emerging Vision, Inc.
Optical Marketing by
The EGC Group