URL: http://primaryeyecare.com/about

PHONE: +16155275953
About Primary EyeCare | Top Eye Doctors Near You
Skip to content
615-527-5953
Find a Location
Menu
615-527-5953
Find a Location
Home
Locations
Doctors
About
Patient Forms
Contact
About Primary EyeCare
Our brand promise
: To always deliver outstanding care and quality service to our patients and customers.
Values
At Primary EyeCare, we believe in using advanced technology to support comprehensive eye care, including routine eye exams.
Our values guide our approach to patient care.
The optometrists within the Primary EyeCare network of affiliated practices are focused on quality patient care. They use advanced diagnostic technology and eye care services to deliver comprehensive eye care, from routine eye exams to supporting care for a range of eye conditions.
The practices within the Primary EyeCare network are guided by values that inform their approach to patient care:
Commitment
- Providers recognize that every patient has unique vision care needs and work to deliver comprehensive eye care.
Style
- Each practice carries a wide selection of designer eyewear to fit every lifestyle.
Communication
- Open communication with patients is a priority in supporting quality care.
Passion
- The optometrists and staff are committed to supporting patients’ eye health and vision.
DR. KENNETH YOUNG APPOINTED CHAIRMAN OF THE TENNESSEE STATE BOARD OF OPTOMETRY
Dr. Kenneth Young has been named Chairman of the State Board of Optometry. He was appointed to the board in 2019 by Tennessee Governor Bill Lee. Dr. Young has been in practice at Primary Eyecare Group since his graduation from Southern College of Optometry in Memphis in 1993. Dr. Young currently serves as an adjunct professor to 3 optometry schools. He has lectured nationally, has numerous articles published in Optometric journals and has served as clinical investigator for several pharmaceutical and contact lens companies. Primary EyeCare Group congratulates Dr. Young on his new appointment.
Hermitage Eye Care PLLC
615-527-5953
Website content copyrighted and protected under Title 17 of the United States Code
Proudly Supported by AEG VISION®
Careers
Accessibility
Notice of Privacy Practices
Notice of Nondiscrimination
No Surprises Act
Privacy Policy
Washington Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
×
We value your privacy. We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve targeted ads or content, and analyze our site usage.
By clicking the button below, you are opting out of the sale and/or sharing of personal information for targeted advertising purposes.
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
USE IT OR LOSE IT!
DAYS LEFT UNTIL INSURANCE BENEFITS AND FSA EXPIRE!
LEARN MORE