URL: http://primaryeyecare.com

PHONE: +16155275953
Find an Eye Doctor Near You | Primary EyeCare
Skip to content
615-527-5953
Find a Location
Menu
615-527-5953
Find a Location
Home
Locations
Doctors
About
Patient Forms
Contact
Primary EyeCare
The optometrists within the Primary EyeCare network are committed to providing quality eye care, from routine eye exams to diagnosing, treating, and managing eye diseases.
Find an Eye Doctor Near You
Find a Location
Search
Primary EyeCare
Primary EyeCare supports a network of locally based optometry practices that have served their communities for decades. Each location is independently operated and committed to delivering comprehensive eye care, from routine eye exams to the diagnosis and management of eye conditions.
Experienced optometrists and opticians provide personalized service, helping patients find eyewear that fits their needs, style, and budget. Practices in the network offer a wide selection of designer frames and convenient options for in-person, phone, or online scheduling, making high-quality eye care accessible for the whole family.
About Us
Find a Location
Doctors
»
Meet the optometrists practicing within the Primary EyeCare network of affiliated locations. Learn more about their training and dedication to supporting your family’s vision health.
View All Doctors
Find an Eye Doctor Near You
»
Primary EyeCare we believe in using the latest technologies to aid us in doing everything comprehensively—right down to your basic eye exam.
Hermitage Eye Care PLLC
615-527-5953
Website content copyrighted and protected under Title 17 of the United States Code
Proudly Supported by AEG VISION®
Careers
Accessibility
Notice of Privacy Practices
Notice of Nondiscrimination
No Surprises Act
Privacy Policy
Washington Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
×
We value your privacy. We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve targeted ads or content, and analyze our site usage.
By clicking the button below, you are opting out of the sale and/or sharing of personal information for targeted advertising purposes.
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
USE IT OR LOSE IT!
DAYS LEFT UNTIL INSURANCE BENEFITS AND FSA EXPIRE!
LEARN MORE