URL: http://www.visionsource-familyeyecarescottsdale.com/our-team

PHONE: 4804193900
Meet The Team At Family Eyecare of Scottsdale in Scottsdale | Optometrists in Scottsdale
Call Us Today:
(480) 419-3900
Schedule an
Appointment
Home
About
Our Practice
Meet the Team
Products & Services
Lenses and Frames
Dry Eye Treatment
Myopia Management/Treatments
Adult & Senior Eye Exams
Children's Eye Exams
Contact Lens Exam
Diabetic Eye Exam
Emergency Eye Care
Laser Eye Surgery Consultation
Eye Disease Diagnosis & Management
Technology
Lumenis Optilight IPL
Meibography
Optomap Retinal Imaging
Optovue OCT Imaging
MYAH
Virtual Vision (Visual Field Testing)
Corneal Topography
Optikam
Patient Center
Patient Forms
Testimonials
Promotions
Blog
Shop
Macuhealth
Order Contacts
Contact Us
Our Team
Dr. Armanae A.
Mancha
Optometrist
Dr. Mancha was born in Odessa, Texas. She earned her Doctorate of Optometry degree magna cum laude from the University of Houston College of Optometry.  After practicing in Texas and Arizona for 14 years, Dr. Mancha enthusiastically joined Family Eyecare of Scottsdale as a partner and proudly acquired the practice from Dr. Bark in 2020.
Dr. Mancha was born in Odessa, Texas. She earned her Doctorate of Optometry degree magna cum laude from the University of Houston College of Optometry.  After practicing in Texas and Arizona for 14 years, Dr. Mancha enthusiastically joined Family Eyecare of Scottsdale as a partner and proudly acquired the practice from Dr. Bark in 2020.
Dr. Mancha is passionate about working with children of all ages. She is one of 60 optometrists in Arizona who examines infants from 6 months to 1 year at no charge. She also provides comprehensive eye exams to diagnose and manage all eye health issues, including glaucoma, cataracts, and age-related macular degeneration. Her clinical interests include the treatment of dry eyes with the most advanced in-office procedures available.
In her free time, she enjoys spending time with her family, staying active outdoors and world travel.
Dr. Meghan
Lambert
Optometrist
Dr. Lambert grew up in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She earned her Doctorate of Optometry degree at the University of California, Berkeley, graduating with honors. She practiced in Massachusetts for nearly a decade before relocating to Arizona and joining Family Eyecare of Scottsdale.
Dr. Lambert grew up in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She earned her Doctorate of Optometry degree at the University of California, Berkeley, graduating with honors. She practiced in Massachusetts for nearly a decade before relocating to Arizona and joining Family Eyecare of Scottsdale.
Dr. Lambert loves seeing your whole family. She treats patients experiencing infections, allergies, and eye emergencies. In addition, she manages eye diseases and evaluates patients for cataract and LASIK surgeries.
Dr. Lambert’s passion is the evolving field of myopia management. She is the Myopia Management Clinic director at Family Eyecare of Scottsdale. She uses techniques such as orthokeratology, therapeutic soft contact lenses, atropine eyedrops, and Essilor Stellest glasses to help slow the progression of myopia (nearsightedness) in children.
Dr. Lambert enjoys hiking, the outdoors, and spending time with her family.
Dr. Smiley
Optometrist
Dr. Smiley is originally from the state of Washington. She earned her Doctorate of Optometry degree from the Arizona College of Optometry. Her clinical interests include ocular disease management, especially glaucoma and complex contact lens fittings, as well as personalized vision solutions designed to support each patient’s lifestyle and long-term visual health.
Dr. Smiley is originally from the state of Washington. She earned her Doctorate of Optometry degree from the Arizona College of Optometry. Her clinical interests include ocular disease management, especially glaucoma and complex contact lens fittings, as well as personalized vision solutions designed to support each patient’s lifestyle and long-term visual health.
Dr. Smiley is a highly dedicated optometrist who provides comprehensive, individualized eye care to patients of all ages. She is committed to creating a professional, welcoming environment where patients feel heard, well informed, and confident in the care they receive.
Outside of patient care, Dr. Smiley enjoys spending time with her family, playing pickleball, hiking, and exploring local restaurants. Dr. Smiley looks forward to developing lasting relationships with patients and their families while supporting lifelong eye health.
Office Hours
Monday
8:00am - 5:00pm
Tuesday
8:00am - 5:00pm
Wednesday
8:00am - 5:00pm
Thursday
8:00am - 5:00pm
Friday
8:00am - 2:00pm
Saturday
Closed
Sunday
Closed
Contact Info
Office Address:
9815 E Bell Rd Suite 105
​​​​​​​Scottsdale, AZ 85260
Call Or Text
(480) 419-3900
Fax
(480) 419-3943
© 2026 Family Eyecare of Scottsdale. All rights Reserved.
Accessibility Statement
-
Privacy Policy
-
Sitemap
Powered by:
×
Appointment Request
At Family Eyecare of Scottsdale, we provide the highest quality eye care to all our patients. Schedule your appointment today.
8:00 am
9:00 am
10:00 am
11:00 am
1:00pm
2:00pm
3:00pm
4:00pm
Thank you. We will connect with you shortly.
You are missing required fields.
Dynamic Error Description
There was an error processing this form.
×
Thank You!
We've copied your review, after you click 'Publish' please paste your review by selecting 'ctrl' + 'v' into the review comments section.
Publish to
Social
Close
×
Login
Forgot Password?
OR
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Google
Looking to
create an account
?
Already have an account?
Login
×
Save Search
×
Saved Searches
×
Modal title
…
Close
Save changes
×
Update Profile
Email
Name
Password
Confirm Password
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience, analyze site usage, and monitor website traffic.
Accept