URL: http://www.easthamptonoptical.com/about-us

PHONE: (631) 329 - 2020
ABOUT US | easthampton
top of page
Conveniently located in East Hampton village, in the Newtown Lane parking lot. Behind Capital One Bank.
Request Appointment Online
(631) 329 - 2020
HOME
ABOUT US
3D TOUR
EYE EXAMS
OPTICAL PRODUCTS
GLASSES
CONTACT LENSES
LOCATION
SPRINGS-NY
HAMPTON-NY
MONTAUK-NEW
EAST HAMPTON-NY
BLOG
PATIENT REVIEWS
CONTACT
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
About Us
History
Roeloffs' East Hampton Optical is a family owned business, established in 1926 on the South Shore of Long Island.
​
In 1989, Dr. Kurt W. Roeloffs and his son, Optician Mark Roeloffs, established the Roeloffs' East Hampton Optical practice. Upon Dr. Roeloffs' retirement in 2009, Adriana Sviedrys, O.D., joined the practice, which has been managed for the last twenty years by Mark Roeloffs.
​
The mission of Roeloffs' East Hampton Optical has remained the same for more than eighty years – to help families keep their vision healthy and to find the best solutions to their eyewear needs. At Roeloffs' East Hampton Optical, your needs and comfort are our top priority.
Our Staff
Mark Roeloffs, F.N.A.O.
Optician
Mark Roeloffs is a 1984 graduate of S.U.N.Y. Oswego, where he received his Bachelor of Science degree in Biology. He received his Associate degree in Ophthalmic Dispensing in 1988 from the Interboro Institute in New York, where he graduated first in his class with a 4.0 GPA. In 1989, he became an Adjunct Professor of Optics at Interboro Institute and was invited to write questions for the National Contact Lens Examiners licensing examination. He is a Fellow of the National Academy of Opticianry (F.N.A.O.), is Board Certified by the American Board of Opticianry and National Contact Lens Examiners, and is a member of the New York State Society of Opticians (NYSSO). With 23 years of clinical experience, Mark is proud to follow in the footsteps of his grandfather and father and to continue his family business as the third generation to provide personalized eye care. He resides in Sag Harbor, with his wife Denise and daughter Genevieve, and enjoys fishing, flying, and sports activities during his spare time.
Dr. Adriana Sviedrys, O.D.
Optometrist
Dr. Adriana Sviedrys is a Board Certified Optometrist who graduated from SUNY College of Optometry and completed her residency at Berkley College of Optometry. She was primarily focused in the studies of contact lenses and ocular pathology. After serving Manhattan, Queens and Long Island, she has found her home in East Hampton. Previously examining eyes at Optical Shop ofAspen, she is proud to take over the optometric responsibilities at Roeloffs' East Hampton Optical.
Dr. Sviedrys specializes in comprehensive family eye care including both pediatric and geriatric exams. She is well trained and experienced in the treatment and management of ocular disease, such as chronic dry eye, glaucoma, macular degeneration, ocular diabetes and hypertension. She has specialty training in contact lens fittings for Patients with sensitive eyes. Or hard to fit patients with conditions like astigmatism, presbyopia and extreme nearsighted or farsightedness, as well as other unique conditions like keratoconus. Dr. Sviedrys prides herself on her dedication to detail and her sensitivity in caring for each patient's needs to create individualized patient care. She enjoys volunteering at schools and health fairs. She has participated in a mission to the Hopi Indian Reservation in Arizona and has volunteered her time at the Eleanor Whitmore Learning Center, East Hampton Food Pantry and Project Most.
She has been working on the east end of Long Island for over 10 years and loves being a part of the Hampton's community. Now at Roeloffs' East Hampton Optical, she is happily involved with an experienced and established practice with their own roots in the community.
About Us
Roeloffs' East Hampton Optical is a family-owned practice serving the East Hampton community since 1926. In 1989, Dr. Kurt W. Roeloffs and Optician Mark Roeloffs established the practice, which has been led by Mark Roeloffs for over 20 years.
Quick Links
ABOUT US
3D TOUR
EYE EXAMS
OPTICAL PRODUCTS
BLOG
PATIENT REVIEWS
Contact Us
(631) 329 - 2020
9 Barns Lane, East Hampton, NY 11937
CONTACT
Roeloffs' East Hampton Optical
. - Powered by
Doctible
bottom of page