URL: https://www.cpsoptical.com

Comprehensive Professional Systems Optical
Contact Us
CPS Specials!
Schedule an appointment!
Home
Services
Find a Provider
Union
Provider
Provider Login
Provider FAQ
Become a CPS Provider
Member
Member Login
Schedule an appointment!
Seasonal Promo
Patient FAQ
Resources
Eye Health
Eye Wear
Common Vision Problems
Why Have An Eye Exam
Shop CPS
Buy Glasses Online
Buy Contacts Online
WE PROVIDE VISION BENEFIT SERVICES, WE ARE
C
P
S
O
P
T
I
C
A
L
Better Service, Better Vision
Proudly Serving Union Members Since 1980
OUTSTANDING VISION BENEFITS
CPS Optical is dedicated to providing only the best service.
LEARN MORE
OUR SERVICES
CPS Optical
provides the best Optical Management Service
Founded in 1980, Comprehensive Professional Systems Inc. (CPS) has built its core business working with union welfare funds, providing the best possible vision care for their members and eligible dependents. For 40 years, we have been a leader in the administration of vision care benefits, serving almost 3 million people.
What we offer
Customer Support
CPS Optical has advanced its business by providing quality customer service to our clients. Our staff of dedicated professionals is knowledgeable, courteous and helpful. When paired with our incredible network of optometrists, CPS Optical is able to provide vision benefits in a personal manner.
CPS Optical provides locations across a wide geographic area including:
The five boroughs of New York City, Nassau, Suffolk, Upstate New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Florida and Pennsylvania.
Technology
Our secure provider website and telephone voice response system allow CPS Optical providers to verify a patient's eligibility and obtain an authorization code. The website and telephone eligibility system is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. All CPS Optical Services are fully HIPAA compliant.
0
Organizations prefer CPS Optical as their vision provider
0
Years In Business
0
CPS Optical Locations
0
Eye Glasses Sold Each Year by CPS Optical Providers
CPS Optical
offers administration of an organization's vision care benefits.
Let CPS Optical free up your staff and save you money
We can take care of the administration of your organization's optical benefit. Our automated eligibility system can track the eligibility and benefit usage of your organization’s members and their dependents. Providers obtain authorization to service patients through our online eligibility system or Interactive Voice Response telephone system. We provide the benefit usage reporting that your organization needs.
CPS Optical
offers eligibility through our online and telephone services.
The CPS Optical eligibility system tracks benefit usage and is highly customizable to your organization’s particular needs. Every organization has their own benefit time frame, be it calendar year, service year or some other custom period. The CPS Optical eligibility system tracks your membership population based on the employment groups and subgroups you provide. Our system also can track split benefit usage and can handle special requirements for dependents.
The CPS Optical eligibility system issues authorizations to providers to treat your organization’s members and their dependents. This prevents fraud, and ensures that providers are paid for the services they render.
CPS
has successfully completed our first SOC 2 Type II attestation ensuring security and availability of our services.
The company achieved SOC 2 Type II back in March, 2020. The final report covers all aspects of the CPS operation including policies and procedures, claim processing integrity, availability, security, confidentiality and privacy. Passing this type of audit provides CPS customers with the assurance of the company’s internal controls and processes relating to the security of its services, data and infrastructure, and the availability of systems used to process customer data.
My association with Comprehensive Professional Systems over the years has been one of extreme satisfaction and success. Many of the goals of my practice have been met because of the efforts and professionalism of their company and personnel. I wholeheartedly recommend this association to any of my fellow optometrists.
- Dr. Elliot Gross
Contemporary Eye Care Brooklyn, New York
In today's managed care environment Comprehensive Professional Systems provides a significant source of patients that wouldn’t otherwise find their way to our office. Our health care systems necessitates that we make our services an option to as many people as possible and Comprehensive has been doing that successfully in my practice for over 25 years.
- Dr. Alan Vilinsky
Eye Express Bronx, New York
We have been proud to be part of the Comprehensive Professional Systems distinguished network of optometrists for over 30 years. Throughout the years, CPS has helped our practice grow exponentially. They have always provided us with managed care innovation, guidance and professionalism.
- Dr. Craig Tisch
Miles and Tisch Eye Care New York, New York
Get in Touch
ABOUT US
Founded in 1980, Comprehensive Professional Systems Inc. (CPS) has built its core business working with union welfare funds, providing the best possible vision care for their members and eligible dependents. For 40 years, we have been a leader in the administration of vision care benefits, serving almost 3 million people.
VIEW MORE
FAQ
Patient FAQ
Provider FAQ
Provider and Member Portal
Provider Look Up
Member Login
Provider Login
CPS Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
CPS Hearing
CPS Hearing
CONTACT US
(212) 675-5745
Fax: (212) 675-1147
11 Hanover Square 8th Floor New York, NY 10005
AskUsAQuestion@cpsoptical.com
© 2019 Comprehensive Professional Systems Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us
About Us