URL: http://www.eyesightsolutions.net/about-us

PHONE: 1-650-948-3260
EMAIL: eyesightoptometry@gmail.com
ABOUT US | eye-sight-solutions
top of page
Trusted Optometrist in Mountain View, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Los Altos Region
CALL/TEXT NOW (650) 948-3260
to book an appointment!
HOME
ABOUT US
DRY EYE THERAPY IN MOUTAIN VIEW
MYOPIA CONTROL IN MOUNTAIN VIEW
EYEWEAR
CONTACT US
INSURANCE
BLOG
PATIENT PORTAL
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
Eye Sight Solutions Optometry is a doctor-owned optometry practice providing comprehensive eye exams, dry eye treatment, myopia management, and specialty contact lenses in Mountain View. We proudly serve patients throughout Mountain View, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Los Altos.
Our experienced eye doctors provide modern diagnostic care using advanced technology to protect long-term vision and eye health.
About
Yura Kim, OD
Dr. Yura Kim, OD earned her Bachelor of Science degree in Psychobiology at the University of California in Los Angeles and her Doctor of Optometry degree from Illinois College of Optometry with Clinical Honors. She is a California board-certified therapeutic optometrist who enjoys sharing the latest therapies for dry eyes and customizing contact lenses to enhance eyesight for her patients. Her passion is treating dry, red eyes and ophthalmic lens technologies.
She takes the time to listen to her patients, and strives to meet their eye care needs. When Dr. Kim is not working in her practices, she volunteers with the United States Association of Blind Athletes and participates in medical missions globally.
​
​
Megan Tai, OD
Dr. Megan Tai, O.D. earned her Doctor of Optometry degree with honors from UC Berkeley and was recognized as a Student Fellow of the American Academy of Optometry. Her clinical training includes rotations at Veterans Affairs hospitals, high-volume ophthalmology centers, and community clinics, giving her extensive experience in managing conditions such as glaucoma, macular degeneration, cataracts, and diabetic retinopathy.
A Bay Area native, Dr. Tai is a therapeutic and glaucoma-certified optometrist passionate about patient education and preventive eye care. Outside the clinic, she enjoys exploring new cuisines, traveling with her husband, hiking with her Australian Shepherd, and spending time with family and friends. She looks forward towards delivering compassionate, personalized care to help every patient achieve their best possible vision and quality of life.
​
​
644 SAN ANTONIO RD | MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA 94040 |
staff@eyesightoptometry.com
Tel:
650-948-3260
| Fax: 650-948-3657
Tuesday-Friday 9:30 AM - 5:30 PM
Saturday 10-2 By Appointment - Call Ahead
Sunday Closed
Monday Closed
© 2026 by Eye Sight Solutions
bottom of page