URL: http://newoptixoptometry.com/about

About Us – New Optix Optometry
Skip to the content
Our San Marcos Office Has Moved! Visit our brand-new location at 1155 Grand Ave, San Marcos, CA 92078
New Optix Optometry
Personal and professional eye care that grows with your family and community. For all the milestones in life, we'll see you there.
BOOK APPOINTMENT
Menu
Myopia Management
Ortho-K
MiSight Daytime Contact lenses
Stellest® Lenses
Dry Eye Center
What is Dry Eye?
Intense Pulse Light Therapy
Mibo ThermoFlo
Zest Treatment – Deep Eyelid cleaning
NuLids Pro® Dry Eye Treatment
Services
About Us
Eye Exams & Technology
Retinal Exams
Contact Lenses
Optical Boutique
Insurances
Education
Cataracts
Children’s Vision
Computer Vision Syndrome
Glaucoma
LASIK
Senior Vision
Vision Correction
Sunglasses
Our Locations
Kearny Mesa Location
San Marcos Location
Carmel Valley Location
Sabre Springs Location
About Us
Our New Optix Optometry Team
Our Doctors
Dr. Mini Ta, O.D.
Dr. Mini Ta attended the University of California, Irvine where she received her Bachelor in Public Health Science in 2008. She received her Doctorate of Optometry degree from the Illinois College of Optometry in May 2014. Dr. Ta spent a portion of her rotation at the Las Vegas VA focusing in a variety of ocular disease such as glaucoma, diabetic retinopathy, optic neuropathy, and hypertensive retinopathy.
She completed her rotation at the Illinois Eye Institute focusing in specialty contact lenses, pediatric care along with primary care opto
metry, and low vision. Lastly, she finished her rotations in New York at the Brooklyn VA where she focused in treating and managing patients with various retinal diseases including glaucoma and diabetic retinopathy.
Dr. Ta is presently licensed as a Therapeutic Optometrist and is certified to manage and treat glaucoma. She provides comprehensive eye care
for patients of all ages along with treating and managing dry eyes, red eyes, and anterior/posterior ocular diseases. Along with soft contact lenses, she also fits specialty contact lenses made specifically for each individual patient.
Dr. Ta grew up in Saipan, which is part of the
Marianas Islands in the Pacific. Feel free to come in and ask Dr. Ta more about this tiny island she calls her home. On her free time, she enjoys eating at different restaurants, traveling, the beach, and spending time with her two boys Kellan and Greyson.
Dr. Michael Tran, O.D.
Dr. Tran received his Bachelor of Science degree
from the University of California, Irvine in 2005. He graduated from the Illinois College of Optometry in 2012, after completing internships at the VA Hospital in Las Vegas, NV and Daytona Beach, FL where he focused in geriatric ocular diseases such glaucoma, age-related macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy, and cataracts.
He also completed an internship at the Optometric Vision Development Center in La Jolla, CA, where he received honors in his clinical experience. At this site, Dr. Tran created individualized treatment programs designed to correct visual-motor and/or perceptual-cognitive deficiencies in children and adults. Dr. Tran also has a considerable amount of experience with low vision and specialized contact lens fitting at the Illinois Eye Institute.
Dr. Tran is presently licensed as a Therapeutic Optometrist and is certified to manage and treat glaucoma. He provides comprehensive eye care for patients of all ages along with treating and managing dry eyes, red eyes, and anterior/posterior ocular diseases.
Dr. Tran is an active member of the American Academy of Orthokeratology and Myopia Control. Growing up in San Diego, he enjoys playing basketball, hiking and camping and is an expert in saltwater reef tanks. He met his wife Dr. Ta in optometry school and together they have two dogs and two boys, Kellan &
Greyson.
Dr. Amanda Thai, O.D.
Dr. Thai is originally from Orange County and recently moved to San Diego in 2021. She attended UC Berkeley, where she received her Bachelors of Arts degree in Integrative Biology. She then stayed to receive her Doctorate of Optometry from UC Berkeley School of Optometry while graduating with Beta Kappa Optometry Society honors.  Dr. Thai actually knew she wanted to be an optometrist since she was 12 years old, right after her first eye exam. She admired how easy it was to talk with her optometrist and hopes to give patients the same easy-going experience she had.
Outside of work, Dr. Thai enjoys spending her time with her partner and taking their puppy Olive to explore the outdoors. She loves trying out new restaurants and is currently finding new hobbies like reading and yoga.
Dr. Nina Wang, O.D.
Dr. Wang grew up in Orange County and graduated from UC San Diego in 2019 where she received her Bachelor of Science degree. She then went on to UC Berkeley School of Optometry to receive her Doctorate of Optometry degree.
Upon graduating, Dr. Wang chose to further her clinical skills by completing a Cornea and Contact Lens residency at Specialty Eye in Kirkland, Washington. There, she specialized in myopia management, specialty contact lenses, and dry eye treatments.
Dr. Wang is a member of the American Optometric Association, the California Optometric Association, and the San Diego Optometric Society. She loves spending time with her husband, traveling, being involved with her local church, and enjoying all the beauty that San Diego has to offer.
Dr. C. William Harpur
Dr. Harpur received a Bachelor of Science Degree in Physiological Optics from UC Berkeley, and a Doctorate of Optometry from the UC Berkeley School of Optometry, graduating in 1982.
Since then he has been practicing optometry in San Diego. Dr. Harpur was born in Canada. Due to his father’s occupation (geology), he grew up in mining towns in upstate New York, Newfoundland, and Liberia, West Africa. After attending high school in Canada, he settled with his family in Cleveland, Ohio, where he attained a BA in Geology from Case-Western Reserve University. After graduation Dr. Harpur spent some time working as a mining exploration geologist in the Canadian North. It was while working in Canada that he met his wife, Judy, an American from Washington, D.C. , who was attending the University of Toronto. They moved to
San Diego in 1971 and have two grown daughters and a granddaughter, who live on the East Coast for now. In the meantime, they have a wonderful, nine year old Golden Doodle as a companion. Outside of work, Dr. Harpur enjoys rollerblading, outrigger canoe paddling, yoga, singing with their church choir, and meditation. Our practice is pleased to have Dr. Harpur join us as our Developmental Vision Specialist providing children and adults with individualized treatment programs for Eye-movemernt and Visual/ Cognitive Perceptual Difficulties. In addition to providing standard vision therapy techniques, he utilizes a unique sub-specialty, Optometric Phototherapy (Colored Light Therapy), to treat patients suffering from Mild Traumatic Brain Injury often caused by falls, sports, or automobile accidents.
Facebook-f
Instagram
© 2026 All Rights Reserved by New Optix Optometry