URL: https://dentalspecialistsofdarien.com

PHONE: +12038362744
Best Dentist Near Me in Darien, CT 06820 | Dental Specialists of Darien
Home
About Us
Our Doctors
Services
Crowns & Caps
Dental Bridges
Dental Cleanings
Dental Fillings
Dentures
DryShield Isolation System
Full Mouth Rejuvenation
Implant Dentistry
Invisalign®
Itero® Scanner
KöR® Whitening
Oral Exams
Preventative Program
Veneers
Zoom! Whitening
Smile Gallery
Dental Videos
Contact
Appointments
Why choose us?
At Dental Specialists of Darien, our doctors strive to provide their patients with exceptional and comprehensive dental care. Both Dr. Falcone and Dr. Zapata are Board Certified Prosthodontists.  This means they each have 3 years of additional education beyond dental school specializing in the esthetics and foundation of your smile.  They are highly trained in cosmetic and reconstructive dentistry, but are also experts at routine dental procedures such as crowns and fillings.  When you are at our practice, you can be sure you are in skilled and caring hands.
About Us
Committed to quality
Dedication to the health and well being of our patients is one of the core values of our practice. It is our goal to customize your treatment plan to meet your specific cosmetic and dental needs.
Reach Out Today
Why see a Prosthodontist?
Prosthodontists are viewed as authorities in reconstructive and cosmetic dentistry. With their extensive training they are able to treat the most complex cases involving functional or cosmetic issues; achieving successful and cosmetically pleasing outcomes.
Read our FAQ's
Local to you.
Partnering with the finest dental specialists in Fairfield county and beyond, Dental Specialists of Darien offer a comprehensive team approach to achieve outstanding outcomes of care.
Meet our Doctors
What our patients are saying
Maria V.
Google
Dr. Zapata is an excellent Prothodontist. He not only performed an amazing job with an implant for me, but also was very kind and patient explaining the whole procedure, step by step. I recommend Dental Specialists of Darien to everyone in need of a very professional practice with the human touch of their service. Thank you!
David H.
Google
Very thorough cleaning and checking of mouth and gums. Even blood pressure. This is an excellent dental practice in my many years of using them. They are up to date on technology as well. No shortcuts, they do it all and do it right.
Marie T.
Google
I am terrified of going to the dentist and have been to  a few recently but never follow up as I don’t feel comfortable. In Dr Falcones office I feel “heard” and every attention to detail is carried out to make a safe environment during Covid. Her and the staffs care of me and my anxiety is outstanding. They are all highly trained in their own work area. I wouldn’t consider going anywhere else and now actually follow up on my dental health. Results have been excellent.
Jacques A.
Google
Thank you for a seemless professional experience, immaculate facility with upmost care for my safety and comfort, gracious staff with generous and clear explanation of all procedures. I was so impressed by the place, the staff and the dentist  that already recommended to my daughter and friends.
Jeff A.
Google
Dr. Falcone, Zapata and Rothenberg are all fantastic. I primarily worked with Dr. Falcone for my implant, caps and veneers--which all look BEAUTIFUL (if I do say so myself). She's incredibly knowledgeable, friendly, and an all-around great human being! Can I give six stars?
Richard P.
Google
I hesitated to tend to routine cleaning and a couple minor repairs due to Covid.  The practice had communicated in great detail what practices are in place to contend with the pandemic.  From the call-from-the parking-lot entry to the appliances in the practice rooms that sanitize the air, it was clear that every precaution had been taken.  I won't hesitate to follow-up with my next cleaning appointment.
Constance M.
Google
My experience was (as usual) excellent! The staff is friendly and helpful, my hygienist Paula is so pleasant, professional and thorough, and Dr. Zapata is also thorough and quite clear in his explanation of options. It's a pleasure to come here knowing I'm getting the best treatment.
Abbey K.
Google
Absolutely  wonderful experience from start to finish. The office staff, Kristin the hygienist, and Dr. Falcone, were equally warm and knowledgeable! The environment is fresh, clean and bright. I’ve been looking for a dentist in the area for months, and have had several less than satisfactory experiences. Dental Specialists of Darien met, and exceeded, my expectations. So relieved to have finally found a wonderful dental practice for our family!
Ruth C.
Google
Today I had my three-month cleaning and check up. As always, Gayle was thorough, gentle and took the time to outline some additional care for one tooth. All this handled with her lovely personality and kindness. Dr. Rothenberg as always looking out for us - requesting an additional X-ray be taken 'to rule out any problem'. We are very grateful to be in such good hands.
Teresa M.
Google
Such a great experience! Everything was explained in detail and there were follow up calls the next day. Given the scope of the work I was a little anxious, but Dr. Falcone was so detail oriented that I could tell the final result would be perfect - and it was! I also want to thank the assistant who worked calmly and cheerfully throughout.
Contact Us
24 Old Kings Highway South
Darien
,
CT
06820
New Patients: (203) 836-2744
Existing Patients: (203) 836-2744
Monday
8:00 am - 5:00 pm
Tuesday
8:00 am - 5:00 pm
Wednesday
8:00 am - 5:00 pm
Thursday
8:00 am - 5:00 pm
Friday
8:00 am - 2:00 pm
Saturday
Closed
Sunday
Closed
Schedule an appointment online or give us a call and we will be in touch as soon as possible.
Location Info
Schedule Now
24 Old Kings Highway South,  Darien, CT 06820
(203) 836-2744
© 2026 Dental Specialists of Darien. All Rights Reserved. |
Accessibility Policy
Dentist Website Design