URL: http://www.sunsetoptical.net

PHONE: (305) 412 - 4840
EMAIL: sunseteyeoptical@gmail.com
Home - Sunset Eyes Optical Miami
Vision Care
Featured Brands
About
Forms
English Version
Spanish Versions
Offers
Schedule an Exam
0
Stylish &
Smart
Looks
Styles you love
Tiffany & Co
Versace
A hassle-free environment & quality craftsmanship
Sunset Eyes Optical provides superior vision care that is sure to lead to a long lasting relationship with our staff. Our personalized one-on-one attention has made Sunset Eyes Optical a thriving family business for over 25 years. Proudly serving Miami-Dade County, and conveniently located in Kendall. Sunset Eyes Optical strives to meticulously offer products of the highest quality and craftmanship.
Allow us to exceed your expectations,
schedule your eye exam today.
Personalized vision care
Eye Exam
$20 Off
with any eyewear purchase
When was your last
eye exam
?
Sunset Eyes Optical offers a variety of services, from eye examinations, to contact lense fitting, and an in-store lab to create your eyeglasses. Our professional Optometrist provides the ideal solution when looking for the right vision care in Miami.
Schedule an Exam
Luxury brands
Clients love us
Olivia Morante
I’ve worn glasses since I was very young and this has been my go-to-place for years. Exceptional quality and customer experience. Could not think of a better place than this lovely boutique! 5 stars is not enough!
Olivia Morante
Tammy Carson
Best service I have ever received in an optical. One on one attention. Staff very knowledgeable and kind, and doctor is very meticulous and takes his time to give you a thorough examination. Very pleased, will certainly return next year for my annual check up.
Tammy Carson
@sunseteyesoptical
[elfsight_instagram_feed id=”1″]
Join our newsletter
Site Map
Home
Vision Care
Featured brands
About
Offers
Schedule Exam
Patient Forms
English Version
Spanish Versions
Sunset Eyes Optical
7360 SW 107th Ave
Miami FL 33173
Phone:
(305) 412 - 4840
sunseteyeoptical@gmail.com
Follow Us
Copyright © 2019. Sunset Eye Optical. All rights reserved. Development by pop creative