URL: http://www.stamfordvisioncare.com/our-team

Our Team - Stamford Vision Care
Home
Our Team
Services
Frames & Lenses
Contact Lenses
Patient Form
Eyecare Articles
Privacy Practices
Our  Team
Meet our doctors
A comprehensive eye examination will determine your visual needs and provide the clearest, most comfortable vision correction.  The health of your eyes will be evaluated including testing for glaucoma, cataracts, retinal and macular disease.  Optomap Retinal Imaging is as simple as a photograph without leaving your eyes blurred.  Pupil dilation may be  indicated.
When necessary, medication is prescribed for treatment of eye disease.
Jesse  Chin, O.D.
﻿
Dr. Jesse Chin joined Stamford Vision Care after practicing Optometry in New York City for 10 years. During this time he was an associate Optometrist in a multi location private group practice where he provided comprehensive primary eye care with post surgical co-management and contact lens research for clinical trials. He also had the opportunity to serve as a corporate Optometrist for the largest optical retailer. In addition, Dr. Chin provided eye care services for a large multi specialty medical group practice located throughout New York City.
Dr. Chin received his Bachelor of Science in Psychobiology from Binghamton University, State University of New York. He then earned a Bachelor of Science in Vision Science and his Doctor of Optometry from The Pennsylvania College of Optometry.
During Dr. Chin's training, he completed clinical internships in specialty contact lenses, Pediatrics, Low Vision & Rehabilitation, Ocular Disease and post surgical management at The VA Medical Center in Providence, Visual Health & Surgical Centers in Florida and The Eye Institute in Philadelphia. Dr. Chin completed a residency in Ocular Disease & Primary Eye Care at the New York Harbor Health Care System, Department of Veterans Affairs at Brooklyn & St. Albans, New York.
​
Dr. Chin, a New York City native calls Connecticut his home since joining Stamford Vision Care. As a primary eye care provider he is passionate in the many facets of eye care, including specialty contact lenses, ocular surface disease and Glaucoma. In addition, he enjoys pre and post surgical Cataract and Refractive surgery co-management. Dr. Chin strives to ensure that all his patient's look, feel and see their best by utilizing advanced technology.
Email Dr. Chin
Hemanshu  khanna, O.D.
​﻿
Dr. Hemanshu Khanna’s love of Science and her former role of Educator, informs her philosophy of eye care.  At Stamford Vision Care, we combine these disciplines to provide superior ocular care.
Dr. Khanna obtained her Bachelor’s of Science, majoring in Biochemistry, from the University of Toronto. She also achieved a Masters in Education which resulted in her teaching high school Biology and Chemistry in Canada and the United States before continuing her education and graduating from SUNY Optometry with her Doctorate of Optometry.
Prior to joining Stamford Vision Care, Dr. Khanna practiced as an associate Optometrist for a private optical group in Greenwich, CT and in New York, along with 5 years in corporate Optometry with two national retail groups.
During her training at SUNY, she completed clinical internships in Specialty contact lenses, Pediatrics/Vision Therapy, Ocular disease and surgical co-management. During her externship at Montrose Veterans Affairs hospital and Carmel Veterans Affairs there was a focus on Primary care, Ocular disease, and Low Vision.
Dr. Khanna is able to conduct comprehensive eye exams in multiple languages including Hindi, Punjabi and a little French.
She is a member of the American Optometric Association and Connecticut Optometric Association.
​
In her spare time, she enjoys traveling with her family and maintaining good health through yoga and pilates. While a proud Connecticut Optometrist, she continues to root for her beloved Toronto Blue Jays and Maple Leafs.
Email Dr. Khanna
Location
526 Newfield Avenue
Stamford, Connecticut  06905
Phone: (203) 327-1511
Fax:     (203) 325-4479
Email Us
Office Hours
Monday:
9:00 AM to 5:00 PM
Tuesday: 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM
Wednesday: 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM
Thursday: 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM
Friday: 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM
Saturday: 9:00 AM to 2:00 PM
​Sunday: Closed
Notice of Privacy Practices.
Website by
Eyefinity
Home
Our Team
Services
Frames & Lenses
Contact Lenses
Patient Form
Eyecare Articles
Privacy Practices