URL: http://www.spectekeyewear.com

SpecTek Eyewear since 2000 – Quality eyewear products and repairs.
Skip to content
HOME
ABOUT US
FAQ
MAIL-IN REPAIRS
CONTACT US
Search for:
Search for:
Call Us Today! (650) 366-2610
HOURS
Monday - Friday
10am - 4pm
Saturday
By Appointment Only
Sunday
Closed
[layerslider id="1"]
Spectek Eyewear Repair & Sales
admin
2024-12-11T18:00:11+00:00
WE ARE OPEN AND PREPARED TO TAKE CARE OF YOUR EYEWEAR NEEDS.
Dearest Spectek Customers,
Due to the most recent events regarding the COVID-19 virus spread, we at Spectek Eyewear understand the stress and the anxiety you all have been going through. Our thoughts and prayers go out to those who are directly affected by this virus. To our great healthcare heroes, who have worked these past few weeks tirelessly, please know how grateful we are on how you keep the country healthy, a top priority. For all our men and women in uniform, we can’t thank you enough for keeping our country and community safe from all danger. As a whole, we are confident that we will work hand in hand through this trying time.
Here at Spectek Eyewear, our top priority is to provide you with the utmost superior customer service for your eyewear needs. As always, it is our commitment to do our very best to repair your glasses in a timely matter and, if possible, while you wait. While doing so, rest assured your safety, and the safety of our staff is above all else.
We will continue to remain open during the “Shelter in Place” mandate and focus on maintaining the practice of excellent hygiene in our office.
We understand the importance and how essential it is for you to have your glasses to function, especially during this period in time.
If you have any flu-like symptoms, please stay home and relax!
For those who are at home and who are at risk with severe illness, including persons of any age with underlying health conditions, please know, you’re taken with the highest priority.
That said, we kindly ask all of you to send over your HEALTHY HELPER with your broken glasses, and we will do our very best to fix, clean, and disinfect them in a quick and timely manner!
WHAT TO EXPECT AT OUR SHOP
Our shop space will accommodate social distancing by allowing all our clients to stand or sit at least 6 (six) feet from any other person(s);
Our staff is committed to sanitizing their hands at a higher frequency. There will also be a washbasin readily available to wash your hands to prevent any spread of germs during or after service.
We use disinfecting wipes or other standard cleaners before, during, and after service is performed on all surfaces.
WE TAKE PRIDE IN SERVICING YOU
If you have an EMERGENCY regarding your broken glasses, sunglasses, prescription, or nonprescription, you know what our motto is
“You Break em… We Fix em”
!
If your lenses are damaged, we are prepared to fill a prescription.
To all our clients near and far, we are here to help you. You have the option to stop by our shop or send it by MAIL.
We can’t thank you all enough for your patronage. We are all in this together.
During this time of “SHELTER IN PLACE” we ask all of you to take advantage of this time to share AFFECTION, COMPASSION, RESPECT, and APPRECIATION of life and all that it has to offer. Before you know it, time will pass and we will be back to our busy lives.
Shelter in Place is a period in time where we’ll create fun/ creative activities, it will bring people together, family and friends bonds will become stronger, and the differences of people will be set aside for the better of today, but more importantly for a well prepared tomorrow.
Be safe and
WASH YOUR HANDS!
LOL
With gratitude,
Spectek Eyewear Inc. Team
EYEWEAR SERVICES FOR EVERYONE
Spectek Eyewear was established in 2000. We are now 19 years strong and are still consistently ‘wow-ing’ our customers! Inspired by European craftsmanship, Spectek continues to provide their valued customers with high-quality eyewear repairs and product knowledge.
MAIL-IN REPAIRS
Save time and money with our mail-in repair system. It’s easy and fast.
Visit our
Mail-In Repairs
page to learn how it’s done.
FAST SERVICE
We are very good at what we do and guarantee a fast turnaround whether you require a minor or complicated repair.
EXPERT FITTING
We will work with your existing frames to improve the quality of your fit so your glasses are comfortable look good, and don’t cause you pain.
CUSTOM LENS LAB
Love your frames but have under-performing lenses? We specialize in creating custom lenses to fit any frame.
TALK TO US
Broken prescription glasses and no spare pair… a real problem. I walked into Spectek on a Saturday morning without an appointment and with no expectations. I was pleased to be waited on immediately. Sergio went out of his way to find a new frame that fit my lenses- the range of stock that they keep there is beyond belief. He popped my old lenses into a new frame and solved my problem! I’ll definitely be returning when I’m ready to fill my new prescription.
Ellis S.
,
Burlingame, CA
A really sharp outfit.
I’m very active and break my glasses constantly.
At $500-$700 a pop, I was looking for a repair shop.
Really reasonable prices and fast, dependable services.
Harry Y.
,
San Francisco, CA
Highly recommend for fast, efficient, and cost-effective repairs. Walked in with broken glasses, walked out with fixed glasses at a very good price. Friendly service, too!
Arif J.
,
San Francisco, CA
Warranty, schmarranty… next time I have any issue whatsoever with my glasses, no matter if they’re still covered by the store, I am going straight to Spectek.
Buzz B.
,
San Mateo, CA
COME BY AND SEE US!
FIND US ONLINE
COME BY AND SEE US!
Follow on Instagram
Copyright 2019 SpecTek | All Rights Reserved
Page load link
Go to Top