URL: http://copperfieldembroidery.vpweb.com/about-us

Webs.com has been shut down: Find out more
Accessibility
Skip to main content
Help is here
Important Update
Webs is retired
We’re excited to share that we have made some changes at VistaPrint and as a result, webs.com has been retired. Our team is here to ensure a smooth transition for you!
We’ve got you covered ! Start using our new service offering Vista x WIX for free
Create a Free Website
Create a website your way – for free!
We’ve partnered with Wix – the free website builder that helps small businesses get online – so you can easily create and manage your website, all in one place.
Why choose Vista x Wix?
Easily create a free website
No design skills needed
Choose from 900+ web template designs
Build a website in minutes with AI Website Builder
100,000+ Websites created by Vista users
Create a free website
By clicking “Create a free website” and signing up for a Vista x Wix account, you have read and agree to the Wix
Terms of Use
and acknowledge the Wix
Privacy Policy
. Vista and Wix will share your information with each other and also in accordance with their privacy policies.
Make a name for yourself.
Get your own custom domain and start building your brand, so customers always know where to find you.
Search
Or,
connect a domain you already own.
VistaPrint & Yelp Partnership
Get found while you rebuild your website
Get found on Yelp, where customers are searching for businesses like yours. It’s free and takes just 5 minutes to set up.
Claim your free Yelp page
Benefits that help you grow
Your small business is our big focus. Whether you’re starting out or scaling up, we’ll connect you with the best tools to grow online.
Create a free website
Tailored to small businesses
VistaPrint specializes in understanding what small businesses need to thrive online. That’s why we’ve teamed up with Wix – the easy-to-use, professional website builder so you can easily create a strong online presence that gets you noticed.
Expert help & guidance
Benefit from dedicated support, every step of the way with access to our customer care Wix specialists – or if you need creative help, hire one of our professional website designers to do all the heavy lifting for you.
Grow with trusted services
From getting online to getting found by your customers through SEO – we’ve curated and partnered with top digital services like Wix to make growing your online presence simple and affordable.
An all-in-one experience
With integrated design, print and digital tools, we’re here to help your business succeed at every stage of your journey. Whether you need a logo design, a professional website or branded t-shirts – we've got your 'to-do' list covered, right here at VistaPrint.
Tailored to small businesses
VistaPrint specializes in understanding what small businesses need to thrive online. That’s why we’ve teamed up with Wix – the easy-to-use, professional website builder so you can easily create a strong online presence that gets you noticed.
Expert help & guidance
Benefit from dedicated support, every step of the way with access to our customer care Wix specialists – or if you need creative help, hire one of our professional website designers to do all the heavy lifting for you.
Grow with trusted services
From getting online to getting found by your customers through SEO – we’ve curated and partnered with top digital services like Wix to make growing your online presence simple and affordable.
An all-in-one experience
With integrated design, print and digital tools, we’re here to help your business succeed at every stage of your journey. Whether you need a logo design, a professional website or branded t-shirts – we've got your 'to-do' list covered, right here at VistaPrint.