URL: http://www.pe101aspen.com/about

OUR WHY — P.E.101
OUR WHY
CONTACT
LATEST LOOKS
OUR LINE
Menu
OUR WHY
CONTACT
LATEST LOOKS
OUR LINE
About
P.E.101 creates the possibility for women to feel confident and lovely in a fashionable way. We provide you with esthetically pleasing designs that are right for your body type and lifestyle.
No two people are the same, so why would your fashion be? We have turned shopping into both an art form and a science by understanding who you are and how you want to express yourself. We fit you with product that enhances your best attributes. We have a passion for color, texture, and fabrics that are visually and tactically pleasing.
P.E.101 is an outlet for creative, inspirational, and innovated designers and women.
We invite you to be part of
this experience...
History
P.E.101 was founded by Joan Teige in 1979. She is an artist and art teacher by trade and uses the human body as her palette.
Originally, she came to Aspen to teach art at the local High School, but the position had already been filled. This changed the direction of her life. She accepted retail management positions and found that she could use fashion as a creative outlet.
From here, P.E.101 was started. When her partner created debt and ordered an abundance of xs sweatpants Joan found herself in a predicament. She could have given up, or she could take on the debt, buy her partner out, and find a solution.
She chose the later and started making One-Of-A-Kind sweatshirts from the sweatpants. These unique items became the platform for her to have her own line of clothing. The Aspen community rallied behind her and supported her unique style. They would be waiting outside P.E.101 to see what she had made the night before and her designs would quickly sell that day. Her unique creations were eventually a hit across the country.
Joan started carrying other brands that were in-line with what she believed: that women could use fashion to build confidence and look and feel their best.
Now, Joan has been an Aspen business owner for 39 years. Locals and visitors to Aspen trust Joan and her team because they know P.E.101 is committed to their clients. They trust Joan’s taste, style, and honest dedication.
P.E.101 online continues the tradition by allowing you to shop from the comfort of your home with our care-package service. View our latest looks and fill out the
contact form
to get started.
Joan's One-Of-A-Kind sweatshirts, originally made from sweatpants, were unique creations that were a hit across the country.
As P.E.101 grew Joan started carrying other brands that were in-line with what she believed: that women could use fashion to build confidence and look and feel their best.