URL: https://myopiatreatment.com

EMAIL: OrthoK@MyopiaTreatment.com
EMAIL: MyGlasses@ClairemontOptometry.com
LINKEDIN: http://linkedin.com/in/dr-bruce-nguyen-bba8672a
San Diego Optometry | Clairemont Optometry — Eye Exams & Myopia Management
Skip to content
Clairemont Optometry
Home
Ortho K
Dry Eye
Keratoconus
Myopia
Blogs
More
Services
Contact Lens Training
Our Doctors
Appointment Request
X
Home
Ortho K
Dry Eye
Keratoconus
Myopia
Blogs
More
Services
Contact Lens Training
Our Doctors
Appointment Request
X
Clairemont Optometry — San Diego Optometry & Myopia Care
Clairemont Optometry
provides comprehensive eye care in
San Diego
, specializing in myopia management, eye exams, and specialty contact lenses. Our trusted team helps patients of all ages protect their vision with advanced treatments like Ortho-K and dry eye therapy.
Book your San Diego
eye exam today for clearer, healthier eyesight.
WE MOVED A FEW MINUTES DOWN THE STREET .
Our new San Diego optometry office is more spacious, brighter, and offers convenient parking.
We invite you to explore our expanded selection of glasses and discover the perfect fit for your vision and style.
10715 Tierrasanta Blvd Ste F San Diego CA 92124
Clairemont Optometry
DRIVING DIRECTIONS
We are located just a few minutes from our old office. To reach us, simply drive east on Balboa Avenue until you pass the McDonald’s sign, then make an immediate left into our building. You’ll see the Clairemont Optometry signage from street level, and our office is conveniently located at the end cap of the building.
OUR TESTIMONIALS
Jaclyn D
This an overdue review for Dr. Nguyen and his wonderful staff.  Always very friendly, courteous and professional.  I always try to get my exam yearly due to a lot of working on the computer and my eyes get quite a workout; Dr. Nguyen and his staff, David, are always so helpful and their recommendations are on spot.  Definitely would recommends for friends and family members.
Alyssa Moore
Such a great experience! Everyone was so nice and the appointment was quick but thorough. My contact lenses came in after a week and they texted me to let me know I could pick them up. Highly recommend!
William Kirk Beja
The staff is very friendly, and the facility is so clean. Dr Nguyen is very passionate with his work and I really appreciate him taking care of me during my visit. Definitely will be recommending to my friends and family!
Renata Vieira
I’ve been seeing Dr. Nguyen for 2 years and he is THE BEST! Even after relocating from SD to OC, I refuse to see anyone else but Dr. Nguyen and the crew at Clairemont Optometry. I trust them with my eyes closed!!!
Megan Bishop
Thank you Dr. Nguyen & Team for caring for my eyes! I am happy to have found a local place, a great atmosphere with caring professionals.
Thomas Gunter
Dr. Bruce Nguyen and all of the staff at Clairemont Optometry are great at providing a very comprehensive eye exam in a friendly way. Dr. Bruce Nguyen is very helpful when explaining anything about your eye exam. The office is very nice, and they have lots of styles of frames to choose from if you're looking for glasses. I highly recommend them if you need your eyes checked and want to work with people who are very helpful and friendly.
Brian Downum
Staff is extremely friendly and helpful.
Being my first optometry exam, Dr. Nguyen spent plenty of time explaining to me eye health and how it pertains to someone of my age and my concerns.
Highly recommend this clinic.
shivani dave
Highly recommend this place for your eyewear/eye exam. The staff is very friendly, have a wide range of frames available. Pretty much accepts major insurances. So far the best experience with eye exam, doctor gave very detailed explanation about the eye reports and other precautionary measures.
Lynn Crawford
As usual, excellent all the way around. From my usual visits, I brought my 7yo for his 1st eye exam and Dr. Nguyen was awesome. He was quick and explained everything to my son in kid terms and my son is excited to get his reading glasses. We will be back! Never a complaint. 😊
Katy McCowen
Dr. Nguyen really knows his stuff! He helped me understand all of the tests and what they are for. I didn't know I needed an eye exam every year even if my eyesight is good. They also take my insurance and his staff got me computer glasses fast. Highly recommend.
View All Google Reviews
View All Yelp Reviews
GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE
At Clairemont Optometry, we believe:
Small acts of kindness can make a
big difference
in someone’s life.
Every patient is a
unique individual
with their own history and eye care needs—no cookie-cutter approach, only personalized care.
We are passionate about our work and love the
feel-good moment
when your face lights up with a smile after putting on the perfect glasses or contacts.
The best part of our day is hearing,
“Thank you, see you next year!”
—that’s how we know we’ve done our job well.
ADVANCE TECHNOLOGY
Experience a
new and comfortable way
to check your eye pressure—
no more dreaded air puff!
Using advanced technology, we make your eye exam faster, easier, and stress-free.
EARLY DETECTION OF EYE CONDITIONS WITH OPTOMAP ULTRA-WIDEFIELD RETINAL IMAGING
Early signs of eye disease can appear in the
periphery of your retina
and may remain undetected using traditional methods. The
Optomap ultra-widefield retinal imaging
technology captures
over 80% of your retina in a single image
, compared to traditional imaging methods that typically show only 15% at a time.
A SPECIALTY CONTACT LENSES PRACTICE
Dr. Bruce Nguyen, O.D., specializes in
hard-to-fit contact lenses
, with a focus on the
pediatric population
using lenses such as
Ortho-K (CRT) lenses
. Other types of challenging contact lenses he fits weekly at his practice are
scleral lenses for keratoconus
patients,
progressive contact lenses
for patients who do not want to wear readers, hybrid contact lenses for patients with high amount of
astigmatism,
hard contacts, and of course, soft contact lenses.
ORTHO-K OVERNIGHT NEARSIGHTEDNESS TREATMENT FOR ADULTS
No More Glasses or Daytime Contacts
Millions of people worldwide wear
Ortho-K lenses
, and about one-third of them are adults over 18. You may be a good candidate for Ortho-K lenses if you experience any of the following:
Your daytime contacts or glasses interfere with your lifestyle or activities, such as sports, exercise, or swimming.
You are unable to wear contacts due to
dry eyes
or
allergies
.
You find daytime contacts
irritating or uncomfortable
.
You work in an environment that is not well suited to wearing contacts or glasses, such as one that is dusty, wet, or windy.
You are
not a good candidate for LASIK
or prefer not to undergo LASIK.
Book Your Appointment Now
Location & Hours
We are closed on Saturdays. However, existing patients may schedule special appointments on the
first and third Saturday (8 am – 3 pm)
by phone only. Saturday appointment requests are scheduled on a
first-come, first-served basis
and are not available online.Please give us a call at 858-279-6500 for availability.
Clairemont Optometry
10715 Tierrasanta Blvd, Suite F
San Diego, CA 92124
Phone: (858) 279-6500
Email: OrthoK@MyopiaTreatment.com
Monday 8:00 am – 6:00 pm
Tuesday 8:00 am – 5:00 pm
Wednesday 8:00 am – 5:00 pm
Thursday 8:00 am – 5:00 pm
Friday 8:00 am – 5:00 pm
Saturday Closed
Sunday Closed
Contact us
Reach out to us with any questions or concerns.
We do our best to respond to emails within
24–48 hours
. For faster assistance, please call us at
(858) 279-6500
or text us at
(858) 276-0038
.
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.
Name
*
Email
*
Message
Submit
Stay in the Loop
Get the latest when you sign up for our newsletter.
QUICK LINKS
Why Us
Ortho K
Myopia
Keratoconus
QUICK LINKS
Dry Eye
Services
Contact Lens Training
Our Doctors
Envelope
Facebook
Yelp
Linkedin
@2023 Clairemonto Ptometry. All rights reserved
Scroll to Top