URL: http://www.atlantaeyedoctor.net/our-team

PHONE: 404-343-0887
EMAIL: see@highlandeyedoctor.com
Our Team | Highland Eye Boutique | Atlanta, GA
top of page
Home
Our Team
Services
Products
Resources
Contact Us
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
Patient Portal
Our Team
it's clear to see, we are committed to quality eye care, kindness, and an easy process for everyone.
Kristie Bennett, OD
Optometrist and Owner
Dr. Kristie Bennett opened the Highland Eye Boutique in 2010 to offer eye care to her Atlanta neighbors based on how she envisions it should be provided — first-class eye care, personalized service, and distinctive styles of eyeglasses.
​
Dr. Bennett grew up in Omaha, Nebraska and received her Bachelor of Science in Chemistry from Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana in 2000. She earned her Doctor of Optometry degree from Illinois College of Optometry in Chicago, Illinois in 2004, where she was a member of Beta Sigma Kappa International Optometric Honor Society.
After graduating from optometry school, Dr. Bennett completed a postdoctoral residency at the Cincinnati Eye Institute in Cincinnati, Ohio, focusing on the treatment and management of ocular diseases and co-management of ocular surgeries under some of the most respected ophthalmologists in the world. Afterwards, she practiced at Ophthalmic Consultants of Boston in Massachusetts before moving to Atlanta in 2007 and joined Atlanta Ophthalmology Associates, where she worked until spring 2011 with some of the leading ophthalmologists in the country. Dr. Bennett has been a speaker for Acuvue contact lenses and has contributed her contact lens knowledge in the book, Primary Care Medicine, sixth edition. She is certified in the Treatment and Management of Ocular Diseases and is a member of the American Optometric Association and the Georgia Optometric Association.
​
Dr. Bennett and her husband, Rob, live in Morningside with their sons, Robbie and Jack, and their English Bulldogs, Porter and Grits. She loves being a supporter of the Midtown Cluster schools. Outside the office, she is busy driving and cheering for her sons at their many sports.
MEET OUR TEAM
ROBIN WRIGHT
PRACTICE MANAGER /
LICENSED DISPENSING OPTICIAN
Robin is our Practice Manager and has been a Licensed Dispensing Optician for over 40 years in places like Anchorage, Alaska and the greater Atlanta area. She grew up in Tennessee and joined Highland Eye in 2021. In addition to helping patients with the perfect eyewear and lens design, she contributes in the finishing lab to edge lenses for our patients. She is our frame buyer, ensuring that our frame collections are expertly curated to provide our patients with unique, elegant and distinctive looks that are completely different from any other optical business in the area. Robin has one son, who followed in her footsteps with a career in the optical industry.
BREANNA HEDMAN
PATIENT COORDINATOR
Our patient coordinator, Breanna, is our Atlanta native and joined us in 2022. She brings her impeccable customer service skills to ensure our patients feel welcome and cared for. She handles the phones, schedules, patient questions, coordination with other providers, and overall keeping our office running efficiently, all while sporting a million-dollar smile.
AMY FREED
optician
Amy grew up in Albany, Georgia and has approximately 20 years of experience in the optical field, starting with a position in an optometry office while in college. After taking some time off to raise her family, she came back to the industry with Highland Eye in 2018. Amy contributes daily to the dispensary style and keeps our displays fresh and up to date. Amy lives in Grant Park with her husband, two daughters, and her golden retriever.
Chris King
Optician
Bio coming soon!
Our Bulldogs
PORTER BEARCLAW BENNETT
Mr. Porter is a sweet boy born in 2018. Like his older brother, Charlie, he loves to sleep all day. He will play outside with Grits about once a day for a short bit. The rest of his awake time is spent begging for treats and cuddling with Dr. Bennett.
GRITS MARSHMALLOW BENNETT
Grits is a very energetic and athletic bulldog. Born in 2021, Grits has not mellowed into a lazy bully yet. If he could, he would play all day. When he is not playing, he is stealing everyones shoes to put in his precious pile or finally snoozing on Dr. Bennett’s lap.
Charlie Chunky
Monkey Bennett
2009-2020
After working for 7 dog years (or 47 human years), Charlie retired as our Welcome Greeter in  2017.  During his retirement,  he continued to snooze the day away with his younger bulldog brother, Porter Bear Claw. In 2020, Charlie crossed the rainbow bridge where we are sure he is still snoring very loudly.
Up
1056 N. Highland Ave. NE
Atlanta, GA 30306
(404) 343-0887
see@highlandeyedoctor.com
The material contained on this site is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified healthcare provider.
Privacy Policy
© 2025 - 2026 by Highland Eye Boutique
Site design by
Pitch Partners, LLC
bottom of page