URL: http://www.eyeboutique.com/team

Eye doctors | Vision insurance accepted | Chicago Eye Boutique
Skip to content
Current Offers
Contact
Eye Exams
Adult
Children
Contact Lens
Senior Eye Care
Contact Lenses
Our Doctors
Insurance
Vision Plans
Union Plans
No Insurance?
Financing
HSA/FSA
Locations & Appointments
Chicago
Eye Doctors
At every Eye Boutique location, you’ll find a licensed Optometrist, the latest technology, and attentive care.
We encourage our patients to have regular eye exams as part of their continued preventative care.
Northern Illinois Area
Area Doctors
Dr. Patrick Sesso
English
Book with Dr. Sesso at:
Schaumburg
Dr. Therese Porretta
English
Book with Dr. Porretta at:
Schaumburg
Dr. Juan Brito
English, Spanish
Book with Dr. Brito at:
Algonquin
Crystal Lake
Dr. Tejal Patel
English, Gujarati
Book with Dr. Patel at:
Joliet
Dr. Paul Bastermajian
English, Spanish, Armenian
Book with Dr. Bastermajian at:
Geneva
Dr. Lisa Spevacek
English
Book with Dr.
Spevacek
at:
Naperville
What’s an
Optometrist?
An Optometrist is an eye doctor (OD) who completes a bachelor’s degree—usually in a science field—followed by four years at an accredited optometry school. Optometrists diagnose and treat vision issues and eye diseases. They perform eye exams that assess both eye health and overall health conditions like diabetes.
Why Are Annual
Eye Exams Important?
An annual eye exam allows your Optometrist to detect and address health issues before any symptoms become obvious to you. Many eye conditions show no early signs, and damage may already be done by the time you notice. Exams allow for early detection and treatment, helping prevent permanent vision loss. They also help your doctor track changes over time and respond early to any decline in eye health, increasing your chances of maintaining good vision as you age.
Insurance We Take
Our eye doctors accept most vision insurance plans. We offer free coverage checks so you’ll know exactly what your plan covers before your visit.
Insurance We Accept
Frequently Asked Questions
Do eye doctors take insurance?
Eye Boutique Optometrists take most vision insurance plans including union vision coverage. You can find a full list of
accepted vision plans here
. Our eye doctors also accept
CareCredit
, and we offer regular
deals and discounts
to keep eye care and eyewear affordable for patients without vision insurance.
Can I book an appointment with an eye doctor online?
Yes! You can
schedule an eye exam online
for any of our locations.
Do your eye doctors speak Spanish?
Yes, we have
opticians and eye doctors who speak Spanish
. Please contact a store for an appointment so we can make sure a Spanish-speaking staff member is available.
What is an Optometrist?
An Optometrist is a Doctor of Optometry (OD). Optometrists earn a bachelor’s degree followed by four years of optometry school.
Optometrists are eye doctors who specialize in vision care and eye health. Think of them as your primary health care provider for your eyes.
The scope of medical care provided by Optometrists is determined by state law. In Illinois, the practice of optometry includes:
Eye examinations and vision testing
Prescribing and fitting ophthalmic lenses
(including contacts) for nearsightedness, farsightedness, astigmatism & other conditions
Vision therapy
for problems like lazy eye, cross-eye, hand-eye coordination issues & more
Diagnosis and treatment for eye diseases, injuries and disorders
like glaucoma, cataracts, pink eye & more
Our Optometrists see patients for regular eye exams,
contact lens fittings
,
diabetic retinopathy screening
,
senior vision care
, and a wide range of eye conditions. If specialized medical treatment or surgery is required, we’ll refer you to a qualified ophthalmologist.
What’s the difference between an Optometrist and an Ophthalmologist?
An ophthalmologist is a medical doctor who specializes in eye care. Ophthalmologists provide the same services as Optometrists, and also:
Diagnosis and treatment of eye problems caused by diseases like arthritis or cancer
Medical and surgical eye care
Plastic surgery (for example to lift drooping eyelids)
When should children see an Optometrist?
Our Optometrists provide eye exams for children ages five and up. For infants and toddlers younger than five, please contact us for a referral.
Related:
How often to get an eye exam, based on your age
Do your eye doctors have Optomap®?
Yes!
Optomap® retinal imaging
is available at the following locations: Naperville, Schaumburg, Joliet, Crystal Lake, and Geneva.
Are your eye doctors open on weekends?
Yes, all of our eye doctors are open on Saturday and/or Sunday to see patients. In general, weekend appointments are in high demand, so please be prepared to book ahead.
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
X
TikTok
Book Eye Exam
Find a Store
Eye Care
Book Exam
Eye Exams
Eye Doctors
Store Locator
Vision Insurance
Contact Lenses
Contact Lenses
Contact Lens Exams
About Us
Our Lens Lab
Careers
Contact Us
Patient Form
Eye Care
+
Book Exam
Eye Exams
Eye Doctors
Store Locator
Vision Insurance
Contact Lenses
+
Contact Lenses
Contact Lens Exams
About Us
+
Our Lens Lab
Careers
Contact Us
Patient Form
© 2026 | Eye Boutique |
Privacy Policy
|
Notice of Privacy Practices
|
Accessibility
|
Terms of Use
imunify-bot-check
Close